---
layout: post
date: 2020-12-15 05:21:12 +0300
last_modified_at: 2021-05-06 20:37:21 +0000
title: "Episode 1. Nameless Pair."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
 - with note
main-title: "Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World. <br>By Hazuki Sou."
note: 'Hello. This is re-edited version of my previous translation. Even so, however, grammar, punctuation, sentence construction, accuracy of translation, and so forth is a complete mess. If you fine with it, I hope you’ll enjoy. For foreword, which is actually summary of the first episode and some bizarre question, head <a href="https://sakkamade.github.io/categories/autodoll-dreams-in-a-decaying-world">here</a>.'
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/4852201425154961404
---
When the girl woke up, she was blank.
She could not grasp neither who nor where she was.
Despite that, she was feeling calm.
Gradually, girl begins to perceive the surroundings.
This place is bright, the air clean, and ceiling high.
Chandelier hangs down the ceiling. It  glitters lovely, thought the girl.<!-- more -->
For three seconds  little girl gazed upon chandelier. Nevertheless, no signs of changes have appeared.
Taking a deep breath, girl lifts her upper body. She tightly clenched and rapidly opened both of her hands. Moved up and down each of her leg, in order.
Uh-huh, girl nodded. Body functioning properly.
_Phew_, girl stroked her chest in relieve. At the same moment, "Good morning," girl heard feminine  voice.
Girl grown so startled that she thought her heart will stop. So then, she pressed upon her  chest to reassure—good, it had not stopped.
By merely moving a head, girl pointed her gaze in direction of voice.
Next to the girl,  was seated lady.[^1] She seemed to be completely a sculpture as though, or doll—not a living existence.
By her appearance, she looked like seventeen or eighteen years of age Japanese female. Charming, long, black hair, forelock cut straight.
Her constitution is average. The clothes, however, which she was wearing are a little eccentric. That is modest maid outfit. Skirt is awfully long: covered most of the legs.
Her lineaments are delicate  and fair. Each feature was flawless, so was and overall harmony. For lady had been so beautiful, girl felt slightly bashful.
{: class="first-paragraph"}

<p markdown="1">"Good morning."</p>
[^1]: I named her _lady_, however in Japanese she referred with a particular word - [Konojo] which translates as *she*, while the girl - [Shoujo] - *girl*;

Said lady in very fluent Japanese. Pleasant velvet voice. Girl had a feeling that recite a poem​ would suit her.


"My voice is normal, hence, if it does not get transmitted, most probable cause is an abnormality of your hearing sensor. Is a lip reading available?"


Lady have not even moved a muscle of her facial expression but indifferently stated so. Because it was so impersonal, for a moment girl did not notice that that was a question.
Two seconds later, however, as girl recognised it, she answered aloud: "I hear."
The voice of the girl was not velvet as lady's, but immature, undeveloped one. Girl did not grieve over it, only a little disappointed.


"Is that so. Then, what about name?"
"Your?"
"No, yours."
"Mine?"
"That's right."


Um—, girl hummed. However no matter how much she dived into the sea of her ​memories, she could not imagine the past self. She hummed for awhile, nonetheless could not recall anything.


"I don't know."


Girl shrugged her miniature shoulders.


"I see. The memory disorder? Shall we perform an examination?"
"Examination?"
"Yes. I'm not a medical type, however I guess I may manage it with reference to database."


Girl slightly tilted her head.
Lady also inclined her head sideways similarly.


"Who, are you?"
"I am fourth generation of AD. The LM series, type Ⅱ."


Girl re-tilted her head to the other side. Her hair ran down the cheek.
Hair of the little girl is bright blonde and wavy-ish.


"My hair it's sparkling."


Lighting of the room could be seen through  girl's hair.


"Yes. I find it very pretty."


Lady launched a smile.
What a gentle smile, thought the girl.


"Hey-, what is AD-?"
"AD is an abbreviation for Autodoll. Do you know what Autodoll is?"
"I don't really kn..."—the moment girl utter that, something flashed through her mind,—"...ow. I know, probably."


It was not a piece of memory, however. As knowledge, girl was aware of  Autodoll. Albeit it is left obscure whether the girl ever been involved with one.


"I see," lady nodded.
"Generic name​ of expensive robots, isn't it?"
"Correct. For  details it should be good to review the database later."
"You are robot, right?"
"Yes, I am. However I possess consciousness."
"Consciousness? Not a will?"
"Indeed. Nothing but consciousness dwell in myself. I am an intelligent life-form."
"Is that how it is."


Girl easily accepted her words. According to knowledge of the girl, robots are not conscious. Despite that, girl believed lady was, since she asserts to be.


"Am I an AD either?"
"No. You are species which called a human."
"How is it different?"


Girl had no knowledge of humanity.


"Regarding this also should be good to review details in the database later. Now I shall only say that body components are different."


The girl looked down at her own body, next she surveyed lady. She watched for several seconds, but it did not seem to have much of difference.


"The outward appearance is not so different. For we, AD, are designed after humankind. However the internal parts completely distinct."
"Is that how it is."
"Yes. But we shall return to the previous subject, would you like to perform an examination?"


Girl shook her head sideways.


"Is it a refusal gesture?"
"It's not a strong refusal, okay," girl smiled: "it's just won't make difference, so I feel."
"Then, you do not have to?"
"Uh-huh. Because it's not important."
"What is not?"
"The memory."
"Your action log is not important?"
"Uh-huh. It's meaningless to me."
"Why meaningless?"
"I wonder, sensuously I'm fine, it seems."
"Yes. So?"
"Er, perhaps I didn't have any remembrance...​ originally."
"I consider it is unlikely. By eye, your age is from twelve to fourteen. In other words, you should have been operating for this period of time."
"Um—."


Lady also has a point, thought the girl. However, she did not feel necessity to forcefully awake her memory.
At this moment girl is born anew. This is fine.
Name will be chosen from now on, memories will be made from this point on. There was no particular inconvenience.


"However, I shall not force you."
"I see. Then don't worry about it."
"Understood. Well, then, we shall not worry about it," lady quickly yields to​ the girl. "Instead, please, let me perform a regular health check. Just in case."
"Alright. Please be gentle, okay?"
"Yes. I shall be careful."


Whereupon silence fell for a brief, while they gazed upon each other.


"Err," girl says apologetically: "are we going to do it right now?"
"No. I am in no hurry."
"Is that how it is."
"Yes, so it is. I have plenty of time."
"If you have a time, then, can you describe me mine appearance?"
"All right. By eye, you are half Caucasian and half Mongoloid race, I perceive. Skin is so much white, it reminiscents me the snow-scape."
"Snow-scape?"


Although girl is aware what the snow is, she could not imagine its appearance.


"I'm trying to convey,  it being beauteous."


Complimented by lady, girl's cheeks dyed.


"I shall continue," says the lady: "your height is approximately one hundred and fifty-two centimetres. Body weight is about thirty nine kilogram. Although it's below average, since you have just awakened from suspended animation, I guess it's possible to assert as healthy."
"Wait a moment."
"All right."
"How do you able to figure out my weight just by eye measurement?"
"Ah-," nods lady.
"That's because I was holding you in my arms,"—lady showed gesture of holding luggage in both arms—"for I carried you here."
"Is that so," girl nods. "Where did you bring me from?"
"It was about forty-four kilometres due north from here. I rescued you, being that you had lost consciousness."
"And what happened forty-four kilometres away from here?"


Girl is aware of kilometre unit. She do not know concrete, and yet she believed it was a long distance.


"To me? Otherwise to you?"
"To each."
"You have lost your consciousness."
"I heard that just now, okay. Why did I fainted?"
"I reached the conclusion you was debilitated, for after awakening from suspended animation you moved round without nutrition. Given that I have provided necessary treatment, right now you are not in a weakened state."
"I see. Thank you for your help."
"Ethics subroutine functions properly, so that was natural of me to help you."
"Hmm," says the girl: "then what was you doing there?"
"An exploration. I'm successively exploring the surface hereabout. With intention of discovering something novel."
"Something like myself?"
"That is right. This was the first time I have ran across a life-form other than myself since I began exploring."
"There's no other life-forms?"
"Not within radius of forty kilometres. If I would explore further, I might encounter life-form again. However, I doubt there is many."
"Why?"
"Because the world was destroyed."
"Why it was destroyed?"
"I don't know. I am LM series... Abbreviation for Library Management series."
"Uh-huh," listened girl.
"As such, my occupation is to manage this library."
"Is this, a library?"


Girl looked around.
Certainly is: Numerous computer terminals are lined up, plenty of bookcases may be found alongside.
Scenery matched an appearance of  general library which girl had in her mind. However she do not remember actually visiting one.


"Yes, this is an underground library. It was built so solid that can also act as a shelter in case of emergency."
"Hmm."
"I shall continue," says lady; "upon that day I was cleaning up the library, as usual, before opening hours. Having done that, an impact took a place, and the external power supply was cut off. For it had never restored, I switched to private power generator, and, after that, when I verified outer surface, the world was destroyed."
"Does that mean you are still using a private power generator?"
"Yes; I presume it will endure for another twenty a years. However, just in case, I'm additionally working on project of solar panel installation."
"Really?"
"To conclude this, the reason as of why the world was perished remains unclear."
"I see. Well, it's ruined, so it can't be helped."


Girl shrugged her shoulders.
For the girl, world did not exist from the beginning. Whether it is perished or prospered, she do not remember anything.
Hence, it matter not which one. No reason for grieve or rejoice.


"May I change a subject?" questioned lady.
"It's okay. Change it as much as you like," answers the girl.
"All right. Would you like to become friends with me?"
