---
layout: post
date: 2020-12-27 13:04:21 +0300
last_modified_at: 2021-05-21 21:37:51 +0000
title: "Episode 16. Dream Project."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054880983354
---
That night, Lydia could not sleep a wink.
The thoughts about Yuuyami were— not a reason.


"Onee-chama..."


The nuisance was clinging onto her Rapha.
Lydia was sleeping together with Rapha upon the same bed.
For Rapha had emphasized that with, "Sisters always sleep together," she reluctantly gave in.
Lydia has no experience of sleeping with someone.
Since Yuuyami never sleep, Lydia always slept alone.
Of course, Yuuyami would quietly sit next to Lydia when she asked her to stay.
However they never sleep together.


"Uh-, my little sister is troublesome–."


Even upon such mutter, nothing would be solved.
She saying merely unpleasant things, suddenly begins to cry, however she meekly apologised, prim person.
Rapha truly a complicated life-form, judged Lydia.
Nevertheless, we started to get along a little, also makes such a conclusion.
Lydia flicked Rapha's forehead with a finger.


"Unya-..."


Rapha lightly snuggled, however there was no signs of separating from Lydia.
After a sigh, Lydia closes her eyes.
She had to sleep. Had to clear her thoughts in favour of rescuing Yuuyami.
Then, she relaxed a body, ceased thinking,
whereas leisurely doing so, little by little,
Lydia fell into mysterious dream.


◇


Lydia realised she is within a dream.
In that dream, endlessly spreading out a peach-coloured space.
Being alone, Lydia was rising upon such boundless world.
No, it's unclear whether she actually standing.
For it being indefinite where the bottom or which is the top. Better to describe it as floating.
However, Lydia didn't feel as though floating, inasmuch as surface could be recognised with her feet.
Lydia surveyed the world around her, in order to gather even a bits of pieces but information of this space.
And then, started walking. Without destination. Without objective. However, for that being a dream, it's okay. Even if she get lost, upon awakening everything will be over.
That's how she explored a pale-pink world alone; but, seriously, really, there is nothing at all.
Perished physical world is much better.
Lydia got bored, so she stops.


"Perhaps it's cramped in fact."


This place only seem to be endless but just an optical illusion; she have such guess.


"Upon condition at which the extent equivalent to universe feels cramped, it is cramped in sooth."


Resounded a voice of someone other than Lydia. It was hard to distinct the voice had been  masculine or feminine.
If she were forced to divide a gender,  was they closer to hoarse female?


"Who are you? Where are you?"


Lydia looked around, for no one to be found however.
The voice appeared to be audible​ from ahead and behind, from top and bottom, from left and right. In other words, she heard it from everywhere.


"We art everywhere."


Suddenly, a purple flower arose before Lydia.


"Wah-, cute," at such occasion Lydia squats down, reaching a right hand for purple flower. "I know you. Iris, right? We have met before, haven't we?"


Upon instant Lydia's fingertip touched a petal, the image of falling single droplet emerged in Lydia's mind. That water drop, fell from  great height, afore leaving a beautiful ripple in clear puddle.


"What was that..?"


Lydia tilts her head. Purple flower— Iris also inclined its stem to the side.


"Well. It is an ordinary mental image. Might hast a meaning of influencing upon each other, or, perhaps, different. Is quite open to interpretation."
"Say, Cute-Iris-san, where is this?"
"Ah-, Our-Lovely-Deliverable. This is thy sweven."
"Ah, I already knew that."
"Alright. Any other questions?"
"Er-, are you the flower that a symbol of love fulfilment, aren't you?"
"Quite so. Today came here precisely for such."
"Where did you came from?"
"From somewhere that is not here."


At words of Iris, Lydia tilted her head.


"I think that's can't be right."
"Wherefore?"
"After all this is my dream, you must have born here."
"Dreams art no different of reality."
"Eh?"
"Does not betokens the sweven is a part of reality."
"What do you mean?"
"Reality here is also, Lydia. At now ourself came in contact with thy mind, thuris this reality betokens a sweven."


Lydia was silently thinking.
It did not last long however.


"You are an intelligent life-form?"
"Yea. That's right."
"A life-form that wander from dream to dream?"
"That's not truth. We as well exists in the world that thou calls a physical reality."
"So, I can meet you outside?"
"That's not going to happen."
"Why?"
"Ourself hast a different existence-frequency. If thou meet ourself in our current state, thou shalt vanish."
"I won't meet you then."


Lydia smiled afore immediate answer.
It's not a time for dying over such thing. For Lydia has to save Yuuyami.


"Well, we shalt meet. By the time thou create a universe."
"Universe?"
"Loose mouth," Iris narrowed its stem. "Thou art so cute, we couldn't help it."
"Thank you. You also cute."
"Thanks. Well, we shalt get to the main subject. As we cannot stay here for too long. Being a burden for thou."
"Is that so?"
"Yea."


Iris nodded.


"Well, then, let's enter a main subject."
"Hast thou recognised a love of Yuuyami to thou, hast thou not?"
"Uh-huh."
"Then, thou  aware likewise of thy love for Yuuyami."
"I've loved her for a long time. But, I didn't understand before the exact difference between romantic love and attachment."
"In other words, ye art having a mutual love. Howbeit,  hast never hitherto been this connection, atween an Autodoll and human being, under the history of a humans."
"I know that either."


Autodolls didn't hold consciousness as a living organisms, such as Yuuyami, in the first place. That is to say, Autodoll are not loving anyone.
There was a subroutine which made them behave this way, however no romance been established at such situation.
As for humans, the only ones to fall in love with non-living body, an Autodoll, were breakdown types.
A female humans fundamentally falling in love with male humans. In most cases, generally.


"Species are too different, howbeit what doe thou thoughts for this?"
"I think it's irrelevant."
"How do you mean?"
"Yuuyami an AD, I am human being... or rather a new human breed. But, I believe such is trivial matter. Since the feeling is mutual, we can communicate with each other. So nothing is wrong with that."
"Good answer. Then thy task is only just rescue thine dearest."
"I know that either. You, merely saying things I know. As expected, you are product of my dream, aren't you?"
"Then we shalt say thou something thou doe not aware of. There is a method of rescuing Yuuyami."
"Eh?"


Lydia widened her eyes.
Simultaneously, I would be happy if that were truth, she thought.
However,


"Howbeit, ourself won't teach."


Iris seemed to sneer, whereas saying that.


"Why? Are you stingy?"
"We shalt offer thou a hint. Sith that being reason for our visit. Still, this would be thine task. It doesn't make sense if we thoroughly​ preach thou everything."
"Task?"
"Yea. We shalt rephrase, the process of evolution."
"Evolution?"


Lydia inclines her head sideways.
We aren't having such grandiose conversation. It's much simpler.
I wished to help my dear partner. In short, that's all of it.


"Oh well. A hint. Thou bound to handle Yuuyami emotions."
"Me?"
"Yea. Thou, Lydia. Mind thou? It shalt be thou to rescue Yuuyami. This being no metaphor or anything. Veritably, thou shalt rescue."
"What do you mean? I'm not an AD, so to connect to Yuuyami, I ca..."


Can't do this?
Really?
Truly impossible?
Could it be something I've never thought about?


"Looks as though it is a breakthrough. Wondrous."
"Thank you. I feel like you taught me something very important."
"At least this much."
"Say, who are you? Why did you gave me a hint?"
"First, the answer to question as of who are we. This as yet a secret. Nevertheless, thou already experienced conversations with ourself."
"When?"
"Until today were a conversations of which thou was awakening within the library. Ourself shalt not tell thou any further."
"You're a little stingy after all."


Laughed Lydia, Iris narrowed its stem.


"Next, the answer to question as of why we gave a hint. We shalt just say it's for benefit of inheriting. Thou and Yuuyami art prime candidates. As of now."
"What of? Even if I ask, you won't tell, right? At any rate."
"Quite so. Too hitherto early now. Thou as yet hast a lot of things to understand and to grow. We shalt not help nor hinder it."
"Understood. Not really, but I understood."
"Thou fun in sooth. Well, then, we shalt get going yet."
"Uh-huh. Thank you. I need to get up either, aren't I. See you again?"
"Whensoever thou wish... is it an exaggeration? Thou shalt meet ourself whenever thou bound to."
"Is that so. See you later, then."


Lydia waved her hand, Iris shook from side to side.
Whereafter, leisurely, peach-coloured​ world began to crumble. Flowing smoothly, as though castle made of sand.
Lydia closed her eyes upon waiting for awakening.
How peculiar, to close the eyes and wait for awakening—, whereas thinking thus.


◇


Morning, Rapha had been leisurely rubbing her drowsy eyes. When, all of sudden, Lydia's eyes flew open, she declared:


"Rapha! I know how to help out Yuuyami!"


It was an unparalleled project.
_Kerpow_, upon hearing the outline, solidified Rapha opened her mouth.
Insane. That was absolutely insane, thought Rapha.
Lydia wished to share a dream with Yuuyami, and, within the dream, assist Yuuyami with processing; it was a _wild tale_-esque project.
To be more precise, send the main routine of Yuuyami into Lydia's dream. Such a Baka Project.
Even God wouldn't thought of it.


"Such a thing..."
"I can do it, Rapha! Place you trust and help me! I need you strength, Rapha!"


Lydia's expression was full of conviction,
being so honest and clear as even can be.
Turned out that Rapha necessary for Lydia, purely, just straight(forward)[^10] manner, with no front or back.
Therefore,
Rapha stopped repudiate.
Instead,


"Understood. Would you tell me in details?"


Wished to do her utmost​ in order to assist Lydia.

[^10]: have no idea why was it written in such way;
