---
layout: post
date: 2021-01-08 13:56:42 +0300
last_modified_at: 2021-07-31 01:24:42 +0000
title: "Episode 26. Rapha and Yuuyami."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054881197482
---
Staying on parched​ land, Rapha was retching.


"Are you alright?"


Stroked Rapha's back Lydia.


"I'm not... alright..."


For returning from Woodland to the library, Rapha took a motorcycle tandem seat.
For Lydia loving motorcycles so much, I was slightly curious.
Even if installed artificial intelligence is indecent, and Rapha do not like it,  motorcycle itself could be fun. I had such a faint hope.
As its outcome, I felt bad and vomited.
Yuuyami and Ohan also alight  the emergency vehicle and approached Rapha.


"Too, shaky..."
"Well, it's off-road."


Spread both of her arms Lydia.


"Why didn't you use Angie and Thruster..?"


Driving with debris of an old age such as tires, et cetera; Rapha cannot understand its significance.
Anti-gravity Angie for floating in the air, moving by virtue of Thruster propulsion. As such, it would have higher stability, and velocity.


"Then it'd be the same as an aircraft, wouldn't it?"


Upon performances improve the Angie and Thruster, it will become similar to an aircraft. Naturally, exterior ought to be altered to the shape suitable for aviation.


"That's, would be better... These days, travelling over the ground on a... Ugh."


I was feeling poor and could not hold a proper controversy. However, what Rapha had to say was: "...motorcycle is the worst."


"Mm—, for me it's enjoyable to drive the ground; I don't feel like floating in the air, you know?"
"Me neither," interposed Noah.
"No, for you, it's just since you can not float, right?"
"Hey—, hey—!"


It is inconsequential, replied Noah.


"Rapha-san, are you alright?"


Questioned Yuuyami.


"Does it looks like I am..? Does Yuuyami have an inferior visual sensor..?"


I felt bad, so a pair of abusive vocabulary escaped my mouth.


"No, it is rather elaborate."


Yuuyami replied gravely.
There is no irony within an AD. Rapha was aware. Notwithstanding that, Rapha, who made a cynical remark, wanted to sigh at her words.


"Anyway..."


Unsteadily standing up, Rapha swapped her gaze at Noah.


"Personality, the very existence, anything and everything, is the worst..."
"...That's, sorry."


Said Noah weakly.


"Even though you wanted to ride it yourself."


Muttered Lydia with a sigh.
Surely, that was quite so, however, Rapha did not expect it to be so uncomfortable.


"Humph," Rapha cast her gaze away, primming; "Ohan, can you bring me to emergency vehicle?"
"Understood."


Ohan moved towards Rapha, and lifted Rapha without a haste.
A bridal carry.
When, embraced by Ohan, my line of sight altered, the landscape​ can be seen nicely now.
The horizon that as far as my eye can see was— not  reflecting in my view.
As I swam the perimeter with my gaze, the Woodland could hitherto be spotted.
Rapha was slightly surprised at such. I thought we travelled fairly long distance.
However, I am able to distinguish the Woodland, that meant we are in about a few minutes by motorcycle.
Rapha grew a deep breath
Whereas wondering, "Would I ride a motorcycle ever again."


◇


Immediately upon returning to the library, Yuuyami escorted Rapha to the simple Food Maker.
Lydia and Ohan carried Apricot, and now were preparing examination of her state.


"Black tea?"


Yuuyami offered Rapha.


"I, drink a black tea  only outside."


Declared Rapha, as though that being obvious.
Yuuyami, however, could not understand it well. Black tea is black tea, it is irrelevant of the spot where one will drink it.


"Would you mind not tilting your head every single time?"
"Excuse me. Just..."
"Just, what?"
"No, I was wondering as of why you drink it only outside."
"Ha-," Rapha grew a sigh.


Yuuyami awaited for Rapha to continue.
In case of Lydia were to reply, it would be: "I just feel like that," considered Yuuyami.
Perhaps, every human being is acting without knowing the reason.


"Because, it is elegant."


Rapha lightly shook her head, during saying that.
Yuuyami perceived the meaning of gesture of shaking one's head  as "You will never understand."
And, in fact, Yuuyami could not understand her.
Consequently, inclined her head to the side once again.


"Alright? Can you imagine it?"
"Imagine what?"
"That is what I'm going to say. Impatience isn't graceful, you know?"
"Ha–."


Yuuyami merely asked an ordinary question, she are not hurrying her. Furthermore, it was an appropriate question, judged Yuuyami.


"First of all, the scene where beautiful young maiden stand on the parched land."
"Yes."


Yuuyami pictured Lydia standing upon the ground.


"The young maiden wearing a dress."
"Yes."


Yuuyami wrapped her imaginary Lydia in a sky-blue dress.


"After that,​ arrange a chair, table, and parasol."
"Consimilar to our first encounter with Rapha-san?"
"Wah, that's okay."
"Yes."
"Now, let the maiden sit in that chair?"


Lydia, inside of her head, took a seat in the chair.
That resulted a beautiful painting. Elegant. Lydia is  pretty, in sooth, whereas  does not speak.
Clothed in dress Lydia, under the lost world. That picture was beyond​ wonderful, so much that Yuuyami felt fairly dizzy. Such feeling was yet a second time.


"From here is essential part."
"What is it?"
"The beautiful young maiden drinking something. What would  it be?"


Yuuyami contemplate every single pattern.
Cola, green tea, coffee, black tea, and so forth; every beverage​ were given to Lydia of her image.
I ought, however, to choose only one.
Matching the image. Nighly alike the time when I was deciding upon Lydia's name.
Indeed. Mental image varied for what she is drinking. Quite a bit, too.
So, in this case, for this scenery, the most suitable answer​ would be:


"The black tea."


Yuuyami greatly nodded, whereas acknowledging Rapha's words.


"That's what I meant."


Proudly said Rapha.


"Indeed. That is amazing. Rapha-san calculated such, and now drinks a black tea, right?"
"That's right. Maiden must constantly be graceful."
"Well, then, what would you like to drink now?"
"It's _café au lait_."
"Eh?"
"It's _café au lait_."


A brief silence.
She was truly incomprehensible, thought Yuuyami.
However,


"...I...understood."


Yuuyami managed, to return such reply.


"What was it? Reply seems to be as you cannot understand."
"No, it's just; that is not fitting the image."


Judging by Rapha's appearance, garments, and personality, herbal tea would have been preferable choice. I do not have the impression of her drinking _café au lait_.


"Yuuyami."
"Yes."
"I like _café au lait_."
"Ha–."
"So, it's _café au lait_."


Yuuyami, however, has no fathom likewise. If you  wish to be graceful constantly, you bound to always drink a black tea. Upon the occasions you unable to drink a black tea, you should drink herbal tea.
Rapha's words and conducts​ are inconsistent.
As for Lydia, she always eats that she likes, and drinks that she likes. Withal, she doing that she likes, and saying that she likes. Hence, she consistent.
Whereupon, general pretext for such is, 'I feel like that'.
In comparison​ to Lydia, Rapha appeared to be an exceedingly​ complicated person.
Of course, Lydia are not always as simple and clear, however was much preferable than Rapha.


"Ca・fé・au・la・it! It is!"


Rapha sternly glared at Yuuyami.


"With ice? Or hot?"


Yuuyami nigh let a sigh escape her mouth, suppressed it however. For the likelihood of Rapha to get angry, whilst crying, "Why are you sighing!?"


"With ice."
"Understood."


Yuuyami reproduced _café au lait_ against a simple Food Maker.


"Incidentally, Rapha-san."
"What is it?"


Yuuyami handed _café au lait_ to Rapha, whereafter reproduced another serving. For Lydia that one.


"It is regarding Ohan."
"I won't lend it out."
"Eh?"
"Aren't you was about to request Ohan, so to accompany  your exploration?"
"It's different."


Of course, such would be useful,​ to have Ohan. Particularly upon the occasion of encountering a hostile nature.


"What is it then?"


Holding _café au lait_ with both hands, Rapha silently stared at Yuuyami.


"What do you think of Ohan, Rapha-san?"
"Ohan's combat ability way better than Yuuyami. Well, although other than that, Yuuyami is better."
"That is not what I meant."


Upon Yuuyami words, Rapha slightly tilted her head, in puzzlement.


"It is not about abilities, what do you think of Ohan himself."
"I'm not sure what you mean."
"Do you like or hate him."
"Ha-? Ohan is AD. There's not such a thing as liking or hatred. Tool is tool, and I have no attachment nor affection to it. If it's break, I'll make a new one. That's all to it."


Calmly declared Rapha.
That was not rare opinion for humans, Yuuyami perceived.
But withal,


"I'm sure Rapha-san will be very sad, if Ohan has to gone."


I wonder if Rapha do not remember, guessed Yuuyami.
The hour of Ohan facilitate processing of Yuuyami, and was nigh to break, Rapha shrieked: "Wah, Ohan will break."


"Never."


Rapha smiled a little. "No, naturally," and said so.


"I see."


However, Yuuyami was confident. Convinced that Rapha holds a feelings for Ohan. Of course, not in romantic sense.
The hour, Yuuyami grew dizzy.
The hour of reboot, Yuuyami certainly saw it.
Figure of Rapha riding upon Ohan's shoulder under the perished world. Petite human,  clinging on to the large sentinel AD. Such contrast.
As though a delicate _paysage_ canvas, dazzling, in sooth; so much so that turn Yuuyami breathless.
Such was improbable, to be "no feelings" between them. At least, unmistakably, there is kindness. Towards each other, of course.
However, neither Rapha nor Ohan recognised it.
Supposing Rapha will insight, then Ohan, who wished to be loved, would also notice. To be loved for who you are.
After recognising, in case of Ohan still desire to variate his appearance, Yuuyami intend to talk with Rapha so that Ohan's wish would be fulfilled.


"So suddenly, why?"
"No, mere question."


Yuuyami did not utter any farther.
For sooner or later Rapha should find it herself.
Well, albeit​ even if she will recognise, she may not admit it.
