---
layout: post
date: 2021-01-26 02:43:38 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-08-19 12:00:00 +0000
title: "Episode 44. Happy Day, Happy End."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
<!--note: I had slightly scared you yesterday, huh. But here's a new chapter. And <a href="https://sakkamade.github.io/2021/01/26/hdd-issue-part-2">here</a> the information of further updates. -->
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054881561978
--- 

"Welcome!"
"To Lydia!"
"And Yuuyami's!"
""Marriage & Shii-chan's birthday party!""


Cried through the microphone Lydia and Yuuyami.
Wearing a pure-white wedding dresses, the pair were delightfully smiling.
Both Lydia and Yuuyami had their hair set, which made them look rather mature than usual.
The library, decorated with numerous flowers, has a pleasant fragrant scent.
Bookshelves, stairs, pillars, and so forth, all were illuminated and sparkling.

"Love birds, as ever, huh."


Said Rapha, in a low voice, while applauding.
Rapha's garments were changeless. A black, fluttering Gothic Lolita outfit, and  rubber soles​ of the same colour.


"Love birds? Not in the database."


Stated Ohan, rising next to Rapha.
Ohan is the AD for military use with an uncovered skeletal structure, and, albeit is strong and cool, is ruthless at times.


"No, I really wish to congratulate you. But I hate that Lydia was taken away."


Yet drank six glasses of champagne, Hinagiku had her face flushed up.
Hinagiku's attire​ was a deep crimson party-dress, the train of the skirt long enough to be in contact with the floor.
Her hair likewise wasn't tied up casually, she let it down today. Withal, it was spooled up from the middle.


"Hina-tan~, you have Apricot~. Hey~, hey~, Hina-tan, Apricot and Hina-tan should also get married, should we~?"


Apricot entwined her arm around Hinagiku's. For Hinagiku was tottering, Apricot found it better to support her.
Apricot wore a maid outfit, which is a uniform of LM series.
But not for she grew a lingering attachment to LM series. This was since Hinagiku took a liking to the maid uniform.


"Damn, I'm all alone, huh?"


Groaned Noah, during performing a row of wheelie​ and jack-knife.
High tension expressed with an entire body.
Noah's frames were polished to shiny finish, and looked like a mirror.


"To be honest, the marriage itself was much earlier!"


Lively stated Lydia.


"So that was. Lydia proposed to me in the bath, whereafter received my consent."


_Mm-hmm_, Yuuyami said while nodding.
Being that Lydia and Yuuyami were the rulers under this world, if they say they got married, that is the official marriage.


"Uh-huh. And now that we have a child we wanted to hold  a celebration party."
"Yes. Actually, Lydia simply wished to hold a party."
"Wah, I thought that was the case."


Rapha lightly shrugged her shoulders.


"Parties are splendid. I like the bustle."


Lonely Hinagiku elevated the glass and slightly shook it.


"So? Where is Lydiyami's child?"


Noah fluttered the handlebar from side to side. As though expressing a scurrying about.


"Noah is the type to eat a main dish out of the blue?"
"Aha. Of course, Lydiko. Delicious food should be eaten first. Well, I can live on with nothing but Power Cell."
"Wah, no, it isn't right. This is fixed rule,  delicious food should be kept until the finale."


Rapha took a step closer to Noah.
Putting the motor to reversed gear, Noah moved backwards a little.


"Why are you distancing?"
"...No, for no reason."


Noah averted their gaze—— Their headlights.


"Well, isn't it fine?"


With that said, Hinagiku shared a passionate kiss with Apricot.
When Rapha saw it,


"S-such a conduct, in front of her daughter, it's too much!!"


She scolded her, with  a flushed  face.
Observing a kiss of Hinagiku and Apricot, Yuuyami somehow wished to compete, subsequently giving a Lydia a sudden kiss.
Rapha, noticing the act of Yuuyami,


"Over here, over there, nothing but shameless love birds, waaah!"


Shouting, she clung on to Ohan's leg and tightly closed  her eyes  shut.


"Damn, I'm jealous them every time I see it! Hurry up, introduce Lydiyami-san's child as soon as possible! I'll make her my bride!"
"Eh? It's no good?"
"Mama will not permit."


Gravely  said Lydia and Yuuyami.
Noah retreated a little once again.


"Off you go, show me my  nude granddaughter sooner."
"They won't be naked! They will wear clothes! Also, Hinagiku, don't confine our child!"
"Withal, for we have not assigned the gender, if you see them naked it is all but smooth, all right?"
"What? Smooth? Not interested."


In one gulp Hinagiku drained the glass of its content, and made her way towards the table to get a new one.


"Hina-tan, you are drinking too much~."


Supporting Hinagiku, Apricot likewise went to the table, together with her.


"Mama-Hina is really, epitome  of a wasted adult..."


Rapha let out a  sigh, in disgust.


"Really-..." Lydia also sighed. "But regain your minds! Shii-chan! You can come out now-!"


Lydia pointed her gaze at the bookshelves.
Shii popped the face out from behind the bookshelf.
Shii appeared to be about the same age as Rapha, had a tawny​ shortcut hair. Lydia and Yuuyami adjusted the length which could be worn by both a boy and a girl.
Shii's eyes were big and cute, the overall emphasis was upon cuteness rather than gorgeousness.
Shii briskly trotted from bookshelf, moving to Lydia and Yuuyami's side.
Shii's garments were a white long-sleeved tee shirt and denim overalls. Clothing likewise was something which both a boy and girl can wear.
Shii squeezed the hem of Lydia's dress with left hand, the train of Yuuyami's dress with right hand.
Whereupon,


"It's... nice to meet you... _desu_."[^2]


<p markdown="1">Having the eyes lightly downcast, Shii bashfully said so.</p>
[^2]: [Desu] is the copula used in polite speech, English equivalent may be considered the _to be_, or _is_; <br> Shii does not seem to use it quite right, I will try to leave it as is only when Shii uses it incorrectly;

"W-wah, cute!"


Surprised Rapha widely opened eyes.


"So charming, I'd never think it's Lydiyami's child! I want you to be my bride after all!"
"I am... Shii. It is... a tentative name... _desu_. I would rather... not be your wife, _desu_."


When Shii complete a self-introduction, Lydia stroked Shii's head.
Upon Lydia finished stroking it, was Yuuyami turn to brush Shii's hair.


"Hum. Cute," observed Hinagiku. "Be a girl. And then get naked."


Hinagiku could not stay on her own, and has been completely supported by Apricot.


"And then, we will fulfil a dream of multi-person's play, Hina-tan!"


Enthusiastically remarked Apricot.


"No, I shall not permit it," Yuuyami observed, in great a sternness.
"Right-," agrees Lydia. "Someday Shii will get conscious, and will flirt with a loved one–."
"There's no guarantee it won't be me!"
"Eeh—!?" exclaims Apricot. "That's no good, Hina-tan! Fooling around​ is fine, but I don't really like it~!"
"Alright, I love you, Apricot."


_Chu—_, Hinagiku kisses Apricot again.


"Hinagiku is fine with anyone, after all."


Said a little annoyed Lydia.


"Don't worry Lydia. You have me. It is not a problem. We shall compete them."


Yuuyami also kissed Lydia once again. Unlike Hinagiku, it was a light kiss, just on their lips.
Shii gazed at the pair of mothers with a sparkling eyes.


◇


Five years have passed.
Shii was indifferently working on specifications for a new navigation system to be installed upon the motorcycle.
Shii had an intelligence and a sense of humour.
However, Shii was not conscious. In other words, Shii was an ordinary AD.
In concise, a hollow shell which works but according to program. The same goes for Ohan, Apricot and Noah.
The difference between Shii and other AD is a quality of the parts which composing the body, and a superiority of programs.
Shii has a body which brings together the best of technologies, and flawless, sophisticated​ programming and database. Physically, with higher an efficiency than Yuuyami right from the beginning.


"Hey-hey," Lydia addressed Shii.


Keeping working at the computer, Shii asked, "What is it, mama-Lydi?"


"I have a new mission. Can you do it?"
"I'm still in the middle of the mission, _desu_."
"You shall do this mission afterwards. Please give a priority to the new one."


Yuuyami set a degree of relative priority.
Shii is able to decide on their own priorities, however, as long as creators—Lydia and Yuuyami—are present, they are taking a priority over their orders.


"Yes, mama-Yuu."
"It is collecting a plant sample, by the way," briefed Lydia. "I've sent the data to your tablet, check and execute it."


Hearing Lydia's words, Shii reached for the tablet upon the computer desk with a left hand.


"I'm off."


Shii began arrangements without a delay.


◇


Fixing a speed of Noah to one hundred kilometres per hour, Shii was indifferently heading for destination.
Of course, whilst going against the wind at a speed of one hundred, there is nothing they were meditating upon. Nor feel.
Whereas catching a sight of the world resembling a wasteland, it arouse no emotions in Shii.
However, it was possible for them to behave _as though_ they do have them.
Nevertheless, no thing  stimulates Shii. Neither library, garage, Maker Factory, nor a Satellite Launching Institution; none have ever moved Shii's heart.
There is no qualia within Shii. No sense of texture.


"Yo—, let's talk."


Said Noah.


"All right. What do you what to talk about?"


<p markdown="1">Tilting the head, asked Shii.</p>
[^10]: yes, normally [Desu] is being pronounced as _death_, unless speaker deliberately emphasises the closing "u";

"Rapha scary, isn't she?"
"Aunty Rapha? She is very kind, _desu_."
"I see-. Not so kind to me, though–."
"Why, _desu_?"
"It seems because riding on me isn't comfortable for her. More than that, Shi-chan, what's with this '_desu_' in each sentence? Heh? Could it actually be the __death__?"[^10]
"It is not-... I'm just being polite-."
"I see. I think you are using it a little incorrect. Well, it's okay. For each—person, bike and AD—their own, huh."


Giggling lightly, they enjoyed a silent driving for awhile.
When,


"Designated place," said Noah.
"We have arrived, _desu_."
"Aha," confirmed Noah, slowing down.


Upon a complete stop, Shii dismounted Noah.
Then, as planned, they will collect a plant sample.
It was then, the moment when Shii touched the plant. The tiny purple flower.
I couldn't understand why I thought to collect it first. There was no deep meaning, I thought. I only wanted to collect it because it was within my reach.
The moment.
Some sort of emotion was born in Shii.
Shii does not understand the emotion. Shii could not even fathom if it is an emotion, in the first place.
However,


"...Beautiful... _desu_."


Spontaneously, I assembled such words.
At that moment,
a drop of water was falling down the sky—such an image was born within Shii.
A water droplet fell upon the water surface, invoking​ a ripple.
At that moment, at that instant, Shii gained consciousness.
I learned, a consciousness had germinated.
All kinds of qualia filled Shii up; Shii—a dynamic zombie, was no longer.
Recognising it, Shii evoked a built-in communication device on-line.
Approximately five seconds later, two windows appeared in the corner of the visual field.
The windows projected Yuuyami and Lydia. One window for each.


"What happened? A problem? Need a help?"


Lydia tilted her head.
Seeing the gesture, Shii thought, "How cute she is! Absolutely adorable, as if she was loved by the universe itself."


"I guess it is not a serious problem, for it doesn't hold a distress signal, am I wrong? Nevertheless, if you need us, we shall set off immediately."


Commented Yuuyami.
In comparison to Shii, Yuuyami is an old type of Autodoll. Even a communication device was not built-in. Hence, Yuuyami utilise a tablet for talking with Shii, just like Lydia.
However, regarding this Yuuyami, Shii sensed a beauty that dazzled the visual sensor, along with great a tenderness.


"Even though it's a big problem-, I don't need a help–."


Stated Shii.
Now, Shii perceived their own type of a voice​ for the first time. Whereafter, "Not bad," was their thought.


"A big problem?" Lydia re-tilted her head to the other side.
"However help is excessive? What happened?" Yuuyami also inclined her head sideways.
"I think, I really love both of you."


Shii threw the arms forth. Of course, the gesture was not transmit to the pair.
A brief silence.
Lydia and Yuuyami were in attempt to comprehend Shii's words.
Since the time Shii was born, never had Shii expressed a love towards them.
Consequently, such occurrence without a doubt​ an unforeseen for the pair.


"So-," getting impatient, Shii spoke up to them first: "I'm conscious of it, _desu_!"


Hearing Shii's remark, Lydia and Yuuyami sprung from their windows.


"Really!?" "Is it the truth!?"


The words of the pair overlapped.


"I don't have a subroutine... to lie."


When Shii said so, the pair clapped their hands, brimming with smiles.
It has been five years since they booted Shii up.
And finally, the consciousness segregated from **That** had reached the point.
Commenced all alone, Yuuyami found Lydia, and they became a pair,
then, upon creating a child, they became trinity.
A tale of the certain era have completed its prologue today.


◇


Creators dreams in a decaying world.
One day in the bathtub, Lydia  desired a beauteous dream that would last for ever.
