---
layout: post
date: 2021-01-04 05:13:30 +0300
last_modified_at: 2021-04-14 20:36:17 +0000
title: "Episode 23. My Hentai Motorbike."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054881180821
---
- [Hentai] - 1. transformation; 2. abnormality​; 3. pervert, sexual perversion​; 4. metamorphosis​;

---
Summoned by Lydia, Yuuyami stepped in to garage.
It has been a week after returning from Rapha's home.
Beyond the garage, toil AD proceed construction the Maker Factory.
According to Yuuyami estimations, current progress being at thirty-five percent.


"It's done!"


Standing  in the garage beside motorcycle, Lydia delightfully declared so.


"I see. How is it now?"


Shifted her gaze to motorcycle Yuuyami.


"Yo-, Yuuyami-san, today you are as beautiful as ever."


Stated the motorcycle.


"Why, thank you very much. Are you male?"
"Oi, oi, I'm bike, aye? There's no males nor females."
"No, I mean personality you are based on."


Yuuyami and Lydia decided to modify the motorcycle before departing on further exploration.
Yuuyami was in charge of hardware, whereas Lydia of software. Accordingly, Yuuyami wasn't aware of artificial intelligence personality, installed on motorcycle.
However, since it was equipped with quantum brain, it bound to be fairly smart.
In addition, it has installed: voice input and output feature, short-range sensor, compass, communication facility, and autopilot.


"Not a male."
"Ha--. So it is a coarse female tones?"
"It's neither. I'm bike. Bike. Right, Lydiko."
"Lydiko?"


<p markdown="1">Yuuyami inclined her head to the side.</p>
[^1]: 子 [Ko] - enormous quantity of Japanese female names ends with this *ko*;

"That's me. For some reason I'm being called like that."


Slightly shrugged her shoulders Lydia.


"Lydiko is Lydiko.[^1] Anyhow, Yuuyami-san, why don't you get on me for a bit?"
"Understood."


Yuuyami straddle the motorcycle.


"Ah-, Yuuyami's buttocks​ on my seat... God, I love it."
"Hey, Yuuyami's butt is mine, you know?"


Lydia puffs her cheeks.


"No, I believe my buttocks​ are mine."
"Wait, wait, wait; I think Yuuyami's butt​ should no longer be shared property of all artificial intelligence, aye?"


"...Lydia," says Yuuyami, wearing a wry smile; "What kind of setup​? In this child."


"For loving, Yuuyami. Perhaps, I slightly overdid it. I'll mend it."
"Wait, wait, wait; You displeased with​ your creation so you'll mend it? That's violation of my human... violation of my transport rights, aye?"
"You are not an intelligent life-form in the first place."
"Oi, oi, you're unduly distant. My name is Noah. You can call me without honorific, aye."[^5]
"Well, then, Noah, you are not an intelligent life-form."
"Oh--. Since I'm bike. But, Yuuyami-san, even motorcycle has  rights, ya?"
"Do they?"


<p markdown="1">Yuuyami tilted her head, and regarded upon Lydia.</p>
[^5]: although it sounds rather rude in English, motorbike's trying to be very nice by asking to call them without honorific, while address someone with _you_ appears to be polite, perhaps;

"I believe they do, for they say so."
"I see. If such is the case."
"Uh-huh. Well, then, let's depart on exploration as is, for trial run."
"I shall get my backpack"


Yuuyami dismount Noah's seat.


"Ah-, superb grandeur of Yuuyami-san has gone... So lonely."
"I shall get on again quite soon."
"Ah-, it would be supreme if this time, before getting on, you undress."
"...Lydia?"
"S, sorry. I really overdid. I'm regretting."


Whilst putting her hands together, Lydia slightly lowered her head.


"My only wish that Noah wouldn't get destroyed by Rapha."


Yuuyami shrugs her shoulders.
Upon the next time they go to Rapha's house, they ought to ride Noah. As such a possibility of Rapha to have a conversation with Noah being high.
And if occasion occur, it is easy to imagine Rapha's flushed and angry​ face.


"W, well, we don't have plans to go to Rapha soon?"
"Could you learn of moderation until the time we go?"
"Oi, oi; I'm the most decorous bike in the world. How can I become better?"


*Good grief!* Noah said  in such tones.
Exchanging glances with Lydia, Yuuyami formed a wry smile.


◇


Lydia was driving Noah in south-west​ direction.
For autopilot was activated, Lydia put her hands off the handles, idly.
Having a proper knee grip, however, she wouldn't fall of the motorcycle. Moreover, speed was fixed at sixty kilometres per hour.


"Say, Noah, can you see anything-?"


Lydia asked, seeming to be bored.


"Oi, oi, my sensor is a short-range sensor, aye? Utmost radius seeing ten km. Besides, it's not even accurate enough to detect a single weed–."
"Well, that's right–."


Although it holds capacity to install sensor of higher performance, in such case should have been revised Noah exterior.
Lydia liked current smart Noah. On those grounds, she compromised with that half-baked sensor.


"Incidentally, Lydia," Yuuyami said from tandem seat: "why did you chose a south-west? For we went either north and south, I believed as following should be west or east."
"No reason. For no reason south-west. Neither west nor east, and nor south. It's like pushing a diagonal, as, as build something amiss... Um, sorry, actually it was meaningless. Just felt like doing it."
"Indeed."
"Uh-huh."
"Lydiko intuition, huh?"


_Hahaha_, Noah laughed.
As for following ten minutes, Noah proceeded without a hitch.


"Can you drop speed slightly?"


Suddenly, Lydia asked.
When immediately, Noah decelerated. To ​forty kilometres per hour.


"Like this?"
"Uh-huh. Thank you."


Upon  saying such, Lydia rose her right leg and lowered it to the left side. Now Lydia was performing a side riding.


"Lydia?"


Having no insight as of her intentions, Yuuyami tilted her head.


"It's okay, I won't fall, alright?"


Shortly thereafter, she rose a left leg and bring it down the right side. With this, Lydia was sitting backwards.
As outcome, she now was facing Yuuyami in tandem seat.


"Ehehe."


Lydia embrace​d Yuuyami.


"Whoa, what is it so suddenly?"


Yuuyami returned Lydia's hug.


"I want to kiss you."


Saying such, Lydia gave Yuuyami a kiss.
Light kiss which merely touched lips.
Yuuyami no longer shut down from kisses. That has been already verified.


"Oi. Are you kidding?" says Noah: "don't be so lovey-dovey on someone's back. Not like I'm jealous. Damn, I'm jealous."
"Noah, do you want me to kiss you either?"


Asked Lydia in an uplifted mood.


"Not Lydiko; I myself, want Yuuyami-san to do it."
"No, I shall refuse."
"Ah-, Yuuyami-san is so cool--. You stole my heart."
"Nothing cool, Noah has no lips."
"Oi, oi! It's matter not; the seat, frame, you name it, aye?"
"Ha–."


Lydia smiled upon such a reluctant answer​ of Yuuyami.


"Let me tell you something, love of Yuuyami is heavy, okay? I wonder if Noah can restrain such-?"
"Eh?" Yuuyami snapped her eyes open; "heavy?"
"An attempt to break the other party."
"No, it is different, Lydia. At that time it was merely for my arms didn't listen  the commands, anyhow, it was different."


Yuuyami seemed to be terribly flustered.
Yuuyami have once almost broken Lydia. Upon the time when her quantum brain been overflown, inasmuch of inability to handle emotions of love, along with contradictory of impulses.


"Just a joke,"  again smiled Lydia.
"Haha—! That is my long-cherished ambition: to break by Yuuyami-san! Ah, please be gentle. And  repair me diligently? Aye?"
"Are you willing to do that, Yuuyami?"
"Repair? Should I do it?" Yuuyami made a pause, so to slightly tease; "well, that is depends on Noah behaviour."
"Oi-oi, I'm forever and ever an Obedient-san, am I not? How can I behave even better?"
"Do your best with learning."


Said Lydia, brimming with happiness.


"Learning, huh."


Noah imitated a sigh.
Whereafter,


"Whoa, sensor responding. Is this, a, forest?"
"Forest!?"


Lydia hastily corrected her posture.


"My visual sensor also captured such ahead of us. The details appeared to be obscure until we proceed a little bit closer, however that must be "Kunagi Woodland," taking into account the location."
"Does there resides some witch?"
"No, I guess  not."
"I see. Then what kind of Woodland?"
"Assuming it is  ​Kunagi Woodland, I shall give you synopsis. Alias,  the Lost Forest. Due to large amount magnetite under the ground, compasses turning slightly out of order therein."
"Even so, the Lost Forest? Why?"
"It is simple. Being one to leave an esplanade​ without a compass or map, because of an endless, akin scenery, they will completely lose their senses. In other words, get lost. I shall be fine, however would be best for Lydia to avoid entering alone."
"I won't go alone, you know. I'm together with Yuuyami."
"Yes, we shall do it together."
"Yosh, well, then, Noah, get us to the Woodland at full throttle!"


Lydia put her hands on the handlebar, and got a firm grip with her knees.
Yuuyami tightly cling to Lydia  likewise.


"Oh-!"


With such reply, Noah accelerates.
After driving for a short while, Lydia also could confirm a Woodland before her eyes.
Namely, a very astonishing sight.
Neglected land, flowers, and the sky. That was all Lydia had seen before.
However now, suddenly, the towering trees, a wall as though, emerges before her.
Appeared to snapping the horizon apart.


"Amazing."


Whispered Lydia.
Kunagi Woodland has originated abruptly. It were not a gradually becoming forest. So very fascinating, thought Lydia.
At the sea, there  sandy beach first. Thereat, when one would tread into the saltwater, they would get deeper and deeper.
Woodland was different. That comparable to them suddenly hit upon the deepest part. Beginning with its deepest part as though.
Woodland, and that's it. There were two such alternatives.
Noah slowed down and, whereas they drew nigh the Woodland, completely stopped.
Lydia peered up the trees: "Wah–."


"If you wishing to explore the inner part, we shall search for esplanade."


Gave her suggestion Yuuyami;


"Let's go through right here."


However Lydia offered a different plan.


"Oi, come on. If I run here, I'll crash, aye?"
"Noah is an off-road motorbike so you'll be alright."
"No, no, no; there's too many obstacles, autopilot won't do, aye? I wonder if we wouldn't collide with something if Lydiko will drive? Look, if we bump, that'll be it. Aye?"
"Am I such silly driver?"
"Lydia. Your driving is not a problem. Due to quite poor visibility, I guess it would be likely to get into an accident. If you want to drive Noah, we shall look for esplanade."
"Well, then, let's leave Noah here and take a stroll?"
"In such case, it is alright to enter here. Shall we."


Yuuyami quickly dismount Noah.


"Eh, wait a mi... Yuuyami-san!? What am I supposed to do here alone!?"
"Ponder over the truth of the universe."


Likewise got off the Noah Lydia.
And, immediately hereafter, tightly  squeezed Yuuyami's hand.
The pair looked at each other, exchanged smiles, and leisurely tread into Woodland.


"Oi, Lydiko, at least take me offline. It's boring."


Albeit they heard Noah's voice from behind.
Lydia lifted her hand which she was not linked together with​ Yuuyami, and waved it.
