---
layout: post
date: 2021-08-02 03:43:35 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-09-15 04:30:43 +0000
title: "Section 21. Ohana's Everyday (Part 1)."
main-title: "Chapter 3. The Coming of Summer."
author: sakkamade
categories:
 - The Marriage of the Vixen-chan
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note:
chapter-link: https://ncode.syosetu.com/n1514fx/21/
chapter-type:
 - Chapter 3.
---
Chapter three. The story should be centred on Ohana now. Thank you for reading this far.

---

"I'm off—..."
"Yes, have a nice day!"


Showing no attempt to conceal her terribly listless shape, Fuyuka stepped out of the house. Which was to no wonder, for it is a weekday and she has a job, but the sight has been sombre.


Ohana took pity on such lady, but all she could was send her off with a smile. "So shameless of me," she thought also; but in fact, seeing her off cheerfully was the best she could possibly do.


"Come now, Fuyuka-san is trying her best either, I shall do what I have to!"


Three months had passed since Ohana moved into Fuyuka's apartment, and summer will shortly be here.


◇


The weekday activities of Ohana's have grown more or less routine. First things first. Cleaning.


"Huff, phew..."


After removing the dust with a broom, she took a dust cloth and polished corners of the flat, whereafter wiped it dry with a rag. There are some unused cleaning tools purchased by lady, however Ohana is more accustomed to former method.


"This should be enough for now."


Early summer has arrived, the temperature is rising, and as a result, Ohana was constantly drenched in sweat, whenever she finished cleaning. As one would expect, for it is uncomfortable to remain as is, she then would remove her sweat-soaked clothes and wipe her body with towel.


_"Take it easy! You can use a cooler or anything you need, okay!?"_


Earlier, when Fuyuka heard that Ohana had not used a conditioning system during the day, she cried so in panic. Ohana has no insurance card, something like heat stroke expected to be a disaster, and anxiety overcame lady all the more.


_"In this case, I shall put it on as the heat comes."_
_"It's a promise, okay?"_


Thus, Ohana gave the lady her word to put it on during hottest hours of the day. Because Ohana also understands that, as Fuyuka say, she cannot be treated in hospital.


"I am off."


Thusly, after cleaning, next she goes on her way to the supermarket to do some shopping. For dinner of course.
She changed into the clothes she accepted from Fuyuka, concealed her tail and ears, parted with lodgings, and went outside into the sultry heat.


During weekday hours, there were concerns regarding her being whisked into protective custody whilst she walk round with her child's appearance; her shopping have hitherto gone without hardships, however. Perchance because rather than sweets and juices she buys vegetables, meat, and such.
Supermarket is well-cooled within, and feels refreshing and pleasant after coming in from the hot without. In such a midst, Ohana paraded about the food section.


"What shall I serve today... It is hot, perhaps something easy to eat as _somen_ noodles."


Recently, due to these hot days, Fuyuka often comes home with little appetite. Therefore, cold dishes including _somen_ noodles and _hiyashi chuka_[^1] took a leading part in menu. Upon brief hesitation, she decided on _somen_ and simple _tempura_, and, filling the basket with ingredients required for the task, headed for self-checkout counter.


"I should think this is well within our budget!"


Although it took some time to get accustomed to first, she is now perfectly comfortable with self-checkout system. Despite that, it might prove to be slightly difficult, depending on the amount of items she buys. Whether _Youko_ or human, it is tough to carry heavy a bag on the hot way home.


"I am back—."


Returned to lodgings using her duplicate key, Ohana sorted out the objects of her trip, and then turned the air conditioner on. Naturally, she bathed in sweat. And whilst the chamber was cooling down, she took a shower to wash off the perspiration.
Her tail demands quite a while to dry off, therefore she winded it up with a towel, and relaxed for some moments with the cooler working.


"It is not noon yet, withal why not I eat a little earlier today."


Usually, after cleaning and shopping, the time is just before noon. For breakfast, she prepare meals <!--for--> with Fuyuka in mind,<!--changed--> so they might eat them together; in the daytime, however, she skimps them slightly, she needs but for oneself after all.
Assuming there are any leftovers from breakfast, she might add something to them—might buy some side dish available at the supermarket later. Yes, for example...


"W-well, the _inarizushi_ was cheap, I could not help it..."


Ohana loves _aburaage_. And of course, _inarizushi_ comprising it is her personal favourite; it is commonly mixed in with her lunch.
Such was her way of indulging herself. The day she shared it with Fuyuka, "You should be more extravagant," was the reply she received.


"Although I believe being able to eat _inarizushi_ whenever you want is already a luxury.<!--changed--> Mmm, delicious!"


Ohana spent satisfying lunch, stuffing her cheeks by her tiny lips with _inarizushi_ she purchased.<!--???-->


"What a wonderful meal it was."


Once the tableware is washed, the afternoon comes, and from here on, here comes a while of idleness.
The tasks of Ohana are cleaning, shopping, cooking and washing. Being that the laundry was done along with cleaning, all she presently has is the evening cooking.
Then, even if she were to set off preparations for it, in light of the hours Fuyuka should be back, too much a time will lapse in-between.


"Fwah-haa—..."


At such moments, she tend to consume her time watching television or taking nap as she start to feel sleepy.<!--as<-when--> Today it happened to be the latter.


"In the end, waking up early in the morning... does make me sleepy..."


After lunch—what is more, after noon—is a nice time to become sleepy. Lying down upon the futon, in which she proved to always snuggle up together with Fuyuka, Ohana curled herself up adroitly.


"Until dinner preparations... good night."


Not before setting the alarm clock and timer on the cooler, Ohana gently closed her eyes. And so passes the first half of her day.<!--???-->

---

Thank you for all your bookmarks, ratings, impressions and typo reports!
Thanks for all your support!

[^1]: [Hiyashi Chūka] - chilled _ramen_ noodles;
