---
layout: post
date: 2021-05-19 04:10:51 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-05-26 05:05:10 +0000
title: "Section 9. Her First (Provisional) Night with Ohana."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - The Marriage of the Vixen-chan
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note:
chapter-link: https://ncode.syosetu.com/n1514fx/9/
chapter-type:
 - Chapter 1.
excerpt_separator: '<!--excerpt-->'
---
Evidently, Ohana was  pleased with _Sukeroku sushi_ from supermarket.
The air of her tail, fluttering from the base to the tip, and her relaxed cheeks during table naturally soothed Fuyuka's heart, regardless of her _Youko_ identity.


"I was sceptical, but it's fairly good."
"From whose perspective is this commentary? But I see you understand it now. Supermarket's _bento_ are really convenient."<!--???-->
"That is true, but... is every day like this?"
"Umm—, pretty much."
<!--excerpt-->

The image of Fuyuka who was doing her best to cook for herself at commencement of living on her own is nowhere to be found now. And solitary remnants left are a little dusty rice cooker and dish dryer.


"Certainly, I understand this is conveniently simple. However, is not your nutrition unbalanced by this nourishment on daily basis? And together with life rhythm I have just heard of, this will not make your tiredness go..."


Fuyuka chuckles at disquieted Ohana, "This more like mother than wife—."


"Although it cannot be helped. For working people somehow built upon that sort of feeling. So I assume."<!--???-->


In point of the fact, Fuyuka was ever consuming herself, either in body and in mind.
For even before  various mishaps, she has been so occupied by her work  schedule that her life was withered: On days off she slept and slept and slept without so much as a shred of fulfilment, she kept unbalanced diet, she was stressed, and so on, and so on... Anyhow, her fatigue is unlikely to ever subside.
Whilst immersed in such sense not unlike resignation,  Fuyuka lets rather wicked smile to her face as she reflects upon her miserable life.


"So, Ohana, what will you do for this completely worthless me, I wonder? You are my wife, after all."
"Mm-hmm—..."


Enquired such, Ohana began to gravely brood over it. "Sleeping hours, nothing of domestic chores, diet... However, fundamentally..."  so she started to murmur, and does not quite seem to return.
Her singular tail kept swaying itself tranquilly from the side to the side. "Honestly, how may I stroke her ears and tail," Fuyuka thought; for she loves animals very much.


"Um—, sure enough the burden of housework is hea...vy. What is it?"


Ohana questioned quizzically, noting a look with mixture of ardent desire in the eyes of the lady. Albeit she did not appear to tread so far as to reveal Fuyuka's thought; but merely inclined her head sideways, setting afloat the question mark.


"No, never mind... S, so then, what is your action plan?"


Fuyuka hastily redirects the subject to disguise the fact of her hard stare. Ohana, however, appears to not particularly mind, and replies to the question docilely.


"For example, I could take care of house chores such as daily cooking and laundry! From pondering about what I heard earlier, it seems that you have grown drained badly from your work to place your spirits into the other matters."
"It would certainly delight me, but..."
"Therefore, if I fill in your everyday's housework, you shall acquire slight  leeway, shall you not? As I am the one who have come to marry you, I shall be glad to be allowed to do at least this much."
"Ohana, I don't really want you to serve as my housekeeper, how should I put it, I feel our concepts of the 'wife' are a little unalike—."


The wife Ohana refers to is of slightly outdated notion.
Tenet, so to speak, of taking a step backwards and donating fervent assistance to the partner from the shadow is fairly different from world's model of this day and age.
Albeit Fuyuka, too,  does not long to let Ohana bear all the housework, so that to concentrate on her own job. Her ideal scenario is mutual support in such doings, if possible.
Ohana nodded her assent:


"Neither am I thinking of making myself a housekeeper, though? My only wish is to do what I can, and if you dissent from leaving everything up to me, why don't we divide the workload between each other?"
"Mm-hmm—..."


This time it was Fuyuka's turn to produce hum of agreement.
The point of Ohana is not incorrect, and depending on wording, it is close to ideal shape for Fuyuka.


Ultimately, in view of the fact that she met the girl only today, and determined to admit her as the wife, even if temporary, Fuyuka presently settled to honour judgment of Ohana.


"Alright... For now, I'll merely ask you to stay within a reason then."
"Yes!"


Fuyuka breathed a sigh at  joyfully replying, enthusiastic Ohana, and glanced at timepiece in the room.


"Only seven—."


After finishing _bento_ and washing containers, they had a moment of peace and tranquility. It was hitherto too early to prepare for bathing, however, on the other hand, it hardly signified absence of questions at hand.


"Come to think of it, Ohana, have you said that you turning in at nine?"
"Yes, I have. Ah, it's alright, you need not adjust to me."
"No, well, I think it's good to have early night once in a while. But problem is not there..."
"Eh?"
"I have only one set of futons."


Remark had momentarily enwrapped the chamber in silence.


"H, haa—, I see."


But Ohana shot these words wearing a countenance implying nuance of "What is  she saying?"


"'I see?' And how were you planning to sleep!?"
"How? We shall sleep together, shall we not? If so, should it be fine to share the futon?"
"Eh, eeh!? Together!?"


Although Ohana is _Youko_, her appearance as yet of the maiden, and as for Fuyuka there was not will in her to enter the bedding together.
As mentioned previously, Fuyuka viewing the same sex as an object of romantic interest to the point of dating a female (forlorn by now). Of course she loves charming ladies and pretty girls.
Thence, in such activity as sleeping together with Ohana, who has ears and tail, but plainly a beautiful girl, it is obscure if she would be able to save decent mental state.


"W, wait. No matter how you put it, the day of our encounter is not the day... of becoming newly-weds—— We are newly-weds!"<!--???-->


Therein was consent on provisional situation, but was not restriction on sleeping together, and Ohana intended to do so from the very beginning, in the first place. Therein was the pretext behind her complete lack of panic.


"Fear not! I have diligently, sufficiently practised, and pray entrust me with bathing as well!"
"Practised!? Practised what!? What was you doing!? Or rather, taking a bath  together, too!? No—impossible—no!! It's small, it's too small—!"


The evening passes noisily.


Bathrooms in economic apartments are quite confined, furthermore are unit baths. If two people were to step in together, ending up in some sort of cuddle is inevitable. As one would expect, Fuyuka had to prevent them from bathing together, because doing this nude truly unfolds a rich variety of risks.


"Not too cramped?"
"No, it's alright. Alright..."


However in return, they shared a bed. Or rather, there was but one set of futons, and Fuyuka could do nothing against Ohana's saying, "If we cannot sleep together, the floor shall be my bed."
It was slightly induced, but letting the girl who came to be her wife to sleep directly upon wooden flooring would be too heartless for Fuyuka.
Through this and that, now they are together under the same covers.


"Fwa-ah—..."


Ohana is petite. Leaving out of consideration height of her ears, she is likely about the height of middle school pupil.
As a matter of habit, little past nine, she immediately began to nod, and naturally nestling up to Fuyuka, she closed her eyes.


(Stay calm; stay calm; stay calm——)


Setting aside her look of middle school pupil, she was beautiful girl, appending to it her so excessively defenceless a state, and Fuyuka had to desperately withstand the urge of reaching out for her. Her voluminous tail and occasionally twitching ears were terribly attractive.
Fuyuka, whose desire was nigh to leak from alien to her warmth of the body by the side, frantically shut the eyes, forcing the consciousness away.


(Evil spirits, go away; evil spirits, go away; evil spirits, go away——)


A struggle between Fuyuka and her appetite for flesh  lasted throughout the night, within her head, while she chanted unintelligible words over and over again.

---

Thank you for all your bookmarks, ratings, impressions, and reports of typographical errors!
