---
layout: post
date: 2021-04-20 04:43:29 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-08-26 05:25:45 +0000
title: "Section 2. For the Grief of being Rejected."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - The Marriage of the Vixen-chan
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note:
chapter-link: https://ncode.syosetu.com/n1514fx/2/
chapter-type:
 - Chapter 1.
---
"I'm sorry. I really enjoyed a time with you, Fuyuka, but I also have a family of my own."
"... Ha?"


Fuyuka was relatively mediocre person, merely when it came to her outlook upon love interest she inclined to prefer the same sex. Within her mind, she may say <!--with confidence--> that her favourite partner is young female; within general society, however, such would be  called a homosexual.<!--???-->
Albeit her romantic feelings have become accepted considerably often, weighing it with the past, Fuyuka has hitherto not a slightest intention of disclosing them to surroundings.


That girl whom she met in the midst of all this was an irreplaceable presence for Fuyuka, who will turn five and twenty this year. And yet the very girl has been standing before her eyes, smiling  awkwardly upon apology.


"W-wait. Family? What do you mean...? Er, you said you was single."
"Uh... It also was difficult for me to tell you. I'm sorry."
"I... Th-then everything until now——"
"Anyhow, I don't think we will be meeting any more. Well then..."
"E-eh—???"


The parting was all too prompt.
Fuyuka chanced to find a kindred spirit at _izakaya_,[^1] whereupon to form a relationship over the course of their association. However, she could not imagine that the girl was married.


From that event on, the dark age looked in upon Fuyuka.


She does not feel reluctant of being gay, however coming across the right companion is by no means easy. Not only there are plenty of hurdles to overcome, she  has as well to ascertain  that  both her partner and herself may genuinely accept each other's feelings.


It was but natural that being released​ into this severe environment, Fuyuka will fail to find a substitute for her immediately; and it was over that period of time when bad things began to occur in a rapid succession.
From unassuming to great misfortunes: In terms  of work, she frequently makes trivial mistakes, and, incurring her supervisor's wrath, in due course finds herself moping up blunders of her subordinates—by and large, she has a parade of struggles.
Apart from work, beginning with the trifle of  broken heel, getting splashed by car, having to wait for belated trains, breakage of home appliances at her quarters: it goes on and on—she suffered more misfortunes that could possibly list.


"Ha-a-a—."


Those days were abrading Fuyuka's spirits, and her stride was heavy as she withdrew from the office at the end of her overtime.
It is past nine o'clock, the train, however, brimmed with passengers. Fuyuka, too, joins the suited figures  of both sexes, who are forworn from overtimes, and, _yura-yura_,[^2] lurches along with them. Having no humour to draw her smart phone out, she was gripping her strap to let the time pass.


About fifteen-minutes' walk set apart the railway station and her lonely apartment. With no vitality to head to the supermarket, she bought an adequate _bento_ box at convenience store and goes upon her way home. It was terribly desolate​ retreating figure of five-and-twenty-year-old company _employé_.


(For how long will this luck stay with me I wonder.)


When the girl had hitherto been with her, somehow, she was able to handle the hardships; presently, however, being stripped of this support, all it takes is mere puff of wind and she is about to collapse.


"Thank you very much."


As Fuyuka tottered before the station the hand distributing leaflets was extended to her from alongside.  She accepted it almost subconsciously—she is one of those people who tends to take tissues and leaflets all the time.


"... Ahn?"


Most leaflets at these occasions are but advertisements for facilities nigh the station—such as sports gyms, restaurants, and the likes. In spite of that, peeping at it under cursory light of the street lamp, she discerned an unexpected characters drawn upon it:


_"For those of you who have nothing but misfortunes! Why don't you avail yourself of an exorcism? Free First Time Service!"_
"..."


Fuyuka frowned at this particularly cheap culmination. For an instant, she considered "Exorcism, eh. Could be a nice idea," however the rest of the writing was horrible.<!--???-->


(First time is free, eh... We're not in that kind of service industry.)


The leaflet contained a phrase, a picture of Shinto shrine, and then a telephone number. Shrine appeared to be located in mountains, a little ways away from here, although is not too far to reach by the train.
She has no intention of starting off, but exorcism might be a good notion. For present Fuyuka seems to be favoured by bad luck. By mere chance, she stole a glance back at the spot where remained the person who furnished her with this leaflet.


"... Eh?"


There was none such, however, but workers, who staggered about, after the day at the office.


♦


Saturday, several days later. Taking advantage of her day off, Fuyuka found herself ascending the stairway amidst the mountains.


"I wonder if that was _too_ simple..."


Wearing a jacket over the shirt and jeans at the bottom for moving easier, Fuyuka strode her way through the stairs.
Returning home back then, not before worrying herself sick, she called upon the number. She also considered probability of fraud, however she could hang up at once, if so. In fact, she might be mentally cornered to the point where all that she   had was to resort to it.
She was rather nervous during a call, but clerical voice of female answered, and in no time she was appointed date and time.


"I'm dubious, but... I have no choice but to rely on this, have I now."


In hopes to see some light and keep moving forth, she switched her day off of sleeping as dead with an apotropaic magic.
Fuyuka had no minute knowledge of Shinto shrines, at arrival to one she could not help a cry of admiration.


"Amazing, eh, such a neat shrine up in the mountains..."


She was greeted by large _torii_[^3] gate, then main shrine building, not losing in grandeur, and well-built _chozuya_[^4] with pure water leisurely streaming through. At first glance, it was excellent shrine, doubtless. It even seemed to bear this spiritual aura to it.


"Wh-why?"


In spite of that, finally reaching there and minutely surveying vicinity, _wana-wana_,[^5] Fuyuka's lips  quivered. The reason was plain and simple.


"Why is no one here—!"

---

It would be much encouraging if you bookmark, rate, and share your impressions with me!
Thank you very much!

[^1]: [Izakaya] - tavern, pub;

[^2]: [Yurayura] - shake quietly, e.g.: wavering of a candle light;

[^3]: [Torii] - archway of the Shinto shrine;

[^4]: [Chōzuya] or [Temizuya] - place for ritual cleansing of hands and mouth with water when visiting Shinto shrine;

[^5]: [Wanawana] - trembling from fear or anger;
