---
layout: post
date: 2021-05-28 05:03:32 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-05-29 03:26:36 +0000
title: "Section 11. Ordinary and Extraordinary."
main-title: "Chapter 2. Vixen and Spring Pattern."
author: sakkamade
categories:
 - The Marriage of the Vixen-chan
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note:
chapter-link: https://ncode.syosetu.com/n1514fx/11/
chapter-type:
 - Chapter 2.
excerpt_separator: '<!--excerpt-->'
---
"Good morning~."


After such greeting left Fuyuka's lips, several people, having already arrived to the office, returned to her a faint replies. Thusly, she seated herself at her desk and turned her computer on.
<!--excerpt-->

"Good morning, Hiiragi-san—."
"Oh, morning."


Motokane Kana, two years with the company, addressed Fuyuka.
Once she had joined the company, Fuyuka was her mentor and keeper, and then, two years later, they remained in this same kind of relationship still.


"Eh? new girls aren't here yet?"
"Hmm, I thought they supposed to be training for business etiquette at another place all this week. Aren't they must be here only from next week—?"


It is mid-April. Not long before there was an initiation ceremony for fresh employees.


"I remember going through it as I just joined, too, but I much wonder if it has any point."
"I don't know—. I was just 'How lucky~, I don't have to work but will get my salary all the same.'"
"How honest. Well, it's going to be hell from next week, hopefully they enjoying the moment."
"You make it sound like it's their last supper before the campaign."


"Hopefully they would not throw in a towel and _will_ start to work at the head office from next week on," was anxious Fuyuka. She herself has grown accustomed  to this rather exploitative tendency by now.<!--???-->
Whereas being occupied by thinking of new employees undergoing such training, Kana abruptly went for distinct subject.


"Incidentally, Hiiragi-san, did something happen?"
"Eh!? E, excuse me?"
"I don't know, though; on Mondays you always have a look like you're about to die any moment soon, but today you relatively normal, ish."
"N, no~? Not really~?"
"Secrecy is not your strong point, is it. Well, I suppose it's much better than being in doldrums, though you've got me curious~..."

"U, ugh."


Fuyuka could not but back away as her junior futilely flashed  her a charming​ eyes. Owing to this then her mind drifted backwards into today's early morning.


♢


"Good morning Fuyuka-san. It's morning."
"Um, mhm..."


Fuyuka leisurely travel her eyes ajar to yet unaccustomed voice, and to gentle shaking, to discern Ohana who was peering in from above.


"Whue!?"


All of a sudden, gorgeous vixen had filled Fuyuka's sight, causing her to rapidly bring her consciousness back, and even spring up to her feet.


"Oh, Oh, Ohana...!?"
"Yes; it is me, though... The breakfast is ready."


If one were to peep at the clock, it was half past six. For usual Fuyuka, it is common to wake at seven, then, _dara-dara_,[^1] slothfully make herself ready, and depart just like that.


"Now pray come and wash your face. I shall arrange dishes in meanwhile."
"Ah, uh-huh..."


"When did she wake up?" Similar to their first night, they shared the futon last night likewise, hence to notice her awakening expected to be plain; but perhaps Fuyuka had been too deep in her sleep to perceive. Of course, she went to the bed before nine o'clock, and has not had usual  languid drowsiness.
By Ohana's urging, Fuyuka washed her face and brushed her teeth, and the breakfast was already arranged upon a low _chabudai_[^2] by the time of her return.


"After your said that you have no habit of breakfast, I  made a light meals today."


Rice with miso soup and omelette with _tsukemono_[^3] lay upon the table. Either of them in rather smaller servings than in the evening, and could be eaten quickly.


"Ohana, what time did you get up?"
"I did at six. I spent yesterday's evening on little preparations, so this much went briskly! Heh-heh!"
"Amazing... seriously."


She had hardly had a time to spare even getting up earlier than usual, so they were deprived the room for chat. Fuyuka takes her seat at the table, after all dishes were prepared for her through such an effort. Ohana also similarly seated herself down, and began munching together with her.


"Ah, this is _Dashimaki_..."


Once the omelette came into her mouth, the taste of the _Dashi_[^4] spread gently. It was Fuyuka's favourite flavour.


"Yes, I made it since it is your favourite. These supermarkets sure are wonderful, they have all sorts of flavouring for _Dashi_."
"If I had to say, Ohana, it's you who can prepare it within a twinkle is  wonderful one."


Fuyuka was positively conscious that they bought some kind of seasonings on occasion of visiting the supermarket. At the time, she merely passed it off as okay, by no means  could she expect to be buying them for _Dashimaki_-business right away.


"Does it suit your taste? I have sampled it, and I don't find it insipid."
"Uh-huh, it's very delicious. Just the way I like."
"Is that right! I am so glad to hear!"


Fuyuka should normally be too drowsy to have an appetite in the morning; however she found herself absorbing it in no time at all, and in fact, was a little dissatisfied.


"...I'm off."
"Yes! Have a good day!"
"Say,  yesterday, we discussed the daytime and my way home, so..."
"I know, I know! Pray go to your work and don't let you mind dwell upon me! If you are late, you will be scolded by all _nechi-nechi_[^5] and fussy voice of that raised Director-san, will you not?"
"..."


Regardless that it was Fuyuka who enlightened her such an intelligence, to have the girl recite it again therein was something which made her somewhat uncomfortable. However, as it is the truth to a certain extent, Fuyuka determined to silently leave the house that time.


♢


(I hope she is alright.)


Fuyuka persistently warned the other not to open the door if someone comes. Her apartment might be inhabited by the pair of people as long as she talk through it, although is basically for single person's use.
Hence, she has also told the other not to go out unprepared. Of course, for she cannot ever stay confined at lodgings during all weekdays, the pair means to settle thereabouts in the next day off.


(...I'm worried.)


None the less the idea of young girl remain alone enclosed with the walls of the house was hitherto nothing but point of agitation for Fuyuka.

---

Thank you for all your bookmarks, ratings, impressions, and typo reports.

[^1]: [Dara dara] - sluggishly, leisurely;

[^2]: [Chabudai] - low dining table;

[^3]: [Tsukemono] - Japanese pickles;

[^4]: [Dashi] - Japanese soup stock;

[^5]: [Nechi nechi] - sticky, insistent (annoying);
