---
layout: post
date: 2021-04-24 05:05:55 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-08-28 04:42:54 +0000
title: "Section 3. A Mysterious Mystery at the Shrine."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - The Marriage of the Vixen-chan
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note:
chapter-link: https://ncode.syosetu.com/n1514fx/3/
chapter-type:
 - Chapter 1.
excerpt_separator: '<!--excerpt-->'
---
Fuyuka was ready to fall to her knees, in frustration. She could not expect to be invited to  uninhabited shrine.


"Is this what they call a _yukai-han_...?"[^1]


The scenery is resplendent in its architecture, however, in spite of the holiday, say nothing of worshippers and tourists, not even Shinto priests or other shrine workers might be spotted. This fact had plainly apprised her that something as  exorcism is not practised  thereat.<!--excerpt-->


"Seriously—, I've been deceived...? Aha-ha..."


She may but sneer at so pathetic a state of herself, brought on by ill fortune repeated up until now. Still, she could do nothing about it, therefore, after dutifully cleansing her hands, Fuyuka flung a five yen into offertory box, and put her palms together.


(I won't aim too high, but I hope my luck will improve  at least slightly... Or rather, let me return to my normal life, please~...)


Since she has basically been  lured to this shrine, whether the prayer will be heard was questionable. However, rather than head home without doing anything, she believed it is better to throw some monetary offer.


"Ha—, now home..."


She murmured so to herself, concluding her prayers and slumping her shoulders.
She cannot squander any more  of her precious holiday time. Even heading home now she will be back only past noon, but she is still seemingly left with a leeway to take a nap at the least.


Upon the very moment she thought so:


"Ah? Er... Impossible."


In response to sensation of water droplets falling down on her skin, Fuyuka reflexively raised her eyes up at the sky: Quietly, it began to rain.
The sky was cloudless, azure far and wide. Of course, the sun rays were also aptly reaching the earth. Realising that this is a phenomenon of sun shower, she dropped her shoulders in such disheartening as never before.


"The rain... just after my prayer... What's up with this."


For  weather forecast predicted a fine weather, and no tendency for rain noticed she, just before leaving home, there was no umbrella she brought about.
For  railway station was at a reasonable distance, and for boarding the train all soaked would be least desirable, she could not but await at the place.


"What the deuce~... I must be the most miserable in whole Japan..."


Taking a seat down upon the roofed stairs leading to offertory box, then, at last, curling up her knees, she lowered her head.


"I mean, honestly, how have I ended​ up like this."


—Ding.<!--(──)-->


The vocabulary of resignation passed from her lips, was not addressing to mere  presently falling  sun shower.
But towards all the happenings it was, from parting with the girl, whom she regarded dearly, to misfortunes at her work and her daily life.


—Ding.


Within human luck there are passim its ups and downs, indeed. To be human is not to ever experience a nice events, as though to reside in the middle of Kingdom of Heaven, however, at times, also to taste a suffer of being as though at the very bed of the hell. In despite of fathoming that this is the true charm of life, Fuyuka cannot help feeling that only she was undergoing so constant a distress. This, too, is the thought into which continuously assaulted by misery human  eventually descends.


—Ding.


For this reason, even when upon hour like this precisely something big and nice is also arrives...


—Ding-dong.


"Now, come on—! So noisy—! You've been ringing and ringing and ringing!"


Drowning amid her negative thought, Fuyuka could hear  beauteous bell-esque tones which she would normally listen to, but as of today, feeling an innermost exasperation, she raised her face and cried out.


"Eh?"


That countenance of indignation, however, froze in an instant.


"Where, have this...?"


She came to the designated shrine today—the Shinto shrine with large _torii_ gates, _chozuya_, and neat main building.


She _should_ have come, and yet, _whoosh_, the sight altered utterly.


In stead of large _torii_, series of small ones were set up, forming a tunnel; the environs caught her unawares by profound woodland; and the main shrine in rear have turned even larger and more austere than afore.


_Ching-a-ling_: ring out a sound. It was consimilar to the tone of the bell earlier, this time, however, it has been loud enough to plainly remain in her ear. In the face of warm weather, Fuyuka felt goose bumps forcibly arise.


"...Hh."


Fuyuka turned speechless, being so terrified as she was, and must have lost the ability of respiration, too, if she let her guard down. She was under the terror of one who fails to escape, ensnared in a grip of apparition.


_Ching-a-ling_, sound echoed once anew. Considerably nearer this time, what enlightened her that it was drawing closer from the heart of the train of _torii_ gates.
But the flight is out of Fuyuka's reach. In the first place, she is embedded in dense thicket, and but a corridor of lined up _torii_ gates could serve the path for her escape.


Ching-a-ling!


Sound blared across the grounds of the shrine, making Fuyuka start and peer ahead. Then, _Eep_, she gasped.
Obviously, instrument produce no sound unless someone rings it. She could realise that someone was behind a bell-esque sound, but now, catching sight of the figure, Fuyuka felt like fleeing into the thicket.


It was a group. It tread slowly, lined, evenly spaced; the figures were clad in _miko_[^2] garments of white underlying tone; the faces all covered fox masks, owing to which it carried an otherworldly horror.


"E-e-ek..."


Intuition assures her not to get involved. Recalling horror stories and urban legends—wherein is often said if one were to follow such a group, they end up spirited away to the other world—dread seized her all the farther.
Little by little, females in _miko_ garments were advancing forth, whereas chiming _kagura suzu_[^3] which they bore in their hands. The rain had not ceased even as the space shifted, but none of females have held up an umbrella.


"Um?"


No. Not none.
Amidst the group therein opened but solitary umbrella of blooming red and white[^4] flowers. As females neared themselves Fuyuka perceived that from the fall of the rain by an umbrella was kept maiden enveloped in white _kimono_.
The maiden behind an umbrella, although have had her visage obscured by silk floss headdress, was not of lofty stature. There could not be big a mistake, perhaps about a height of middle school pupil.
Whilst lady had herself absorbed by spectacle, the group proceed along the pathway upon the centre,  when finally making its way to the main shrine's... offertory box, whereat, upon the stairs, Fuyuka was having her seat.


"..."


As the females halted, _shin-shin_,[^5] the only noise reaching the ear was noise of the rain which kept outpouring itself. Fuyuka, of course, might afford no room to listen to this noise but await for  situation to develop, while stay petrified.
Fuyuka had vague idea of the span of elapsed time; not until the group  formed up a line before her, the child clad in white _kimino_ has stepped forth. The child who was followed by sole priestess maintaining an umbrella.
Not sooner than the child in white _kimono_ walked up to Fuyuka, joining her feet together, she bowed politely and beautifully. Fuyuka was uncertain whether it was greeting, but unintentionally, she returned a nod in the same fashion.


Thus, at last, Fuyuka was able to regard the visage of a maiden in white _kimono_. What reflected Fuyuka's eyes were round and big and clear pupils, along with small and soft and juicy as cherry lips. The features were predictably that of a child, however appearance of the sweet smile, _doki_, sent a shiver through Fuyuka's heart.


(Wh-what!? What should I do!?)


Following her wonder of "What in the world is going on, might this be some queer dream", the voice of the child in white _kimono_ gently filled the air.


"Nice to meet you. I am Ohana."
"...Yes?"
"I've come here as your wife, my Lady. And although I may be inexperienced, I look forward to spend with you many a years to come."

---

It would be much encouraging if you will bookmark, rate, and give me your impressions!
Thank you very much!

[^1]: [Yukai-han] - criminal who takes delight in people's reaction to their crimes;

[^2]: [Miko] - shrine maiden, priestess;

[^3]: [Kugara suzu] - set of twelve bells, [Kagura suzu - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kagura_suzu);

[^4]: colours for festive or auspicious occasions;

[^5]: [Shinshin] - the silence of one in bewilderment;
