---
layout: post
date: 2021-05-14 05:08:00 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-05-15 07:36:08
title: "Section 8. Ohana and Supermarket."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - The Marriage of the Vixen-chan
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note:
chapter-link: https://ncode.syosetu.com/n1514fx/8/
chapter-type:
 - Chapter 1.
---
Just as they entered supermarket, a peculiar to it cheesy tune poured into their ear. Yet Fuyuka does not mind the tune that much.


"Ooh~."


_Kyoro-kyoro_,[^1] the face of Ohana was moving restlessly, likely each and every scene which catching her eye have been novel to her. The people about had also, _chira-chira_,[^2] destined glances for so atypical, suddenly emerged maiden in _kimono_; however the person in question seem to pay no regard whatsoever.
Ohana, obviously having her ears and tail concealed, directs her sparkling eyes to Fuyuka.


"So this is the supermarket! Seems like it has everything, just as I  learned, isn't it!"
"This one is still quite small. Supermarket in front of the station we are going to tomorrow is five stories high and huge, you might be even more impressed."
"Five stories... This place appears to have only one floor, so it's five times as vast?"
"That's right. Well, since they do offer more than groceries, too. We also have  to buy daily necessities for you, Ohana, and..."


Declaring that much, Fuyuka was startled to find herself unwittingly set to accommodate Ohana. This is but provisional situation, and the girl will (in all probability) leave in near future, thence, getting excessively attached would result in getting wounded afterwards.


(Hmm, but it's bare required minimum, at least this much should be fine, right.)


The notion of allowing maiden to bear  hardships whereas they living together was  beyond Fuyuka.<!--???-->


"Then shall we hurry to stand with these _bento!_ ”
"Sure; this way, _this_."


She retained and guided nearly proceeding in different direction Ohana. Somehow, all of a sudden, Fuyuka envied the girl who has both adult and childish sides to her.
As soon as they approached section of _bento_ and side dishes, Ohana once again cried in admiration.


"Fabulous! Such a variety of choice!"
"You may select whichever you like. But think twice if it's too expensive."


Fuyuka raised her eyebrows to the sight of black, solemn plastic container labelled "Japanese Unajyu,"[^3] and to its price. She is the kind who even if will pay high price, it would be only for regular _bento_ and side dishes.


"Ah—! I will take this one!"


An abrupt shout had broken into such a train of her thought. With a start, Fuyuka hurriedly looked around. For it have been close of the day, the crowd were abundant, and all of them were drawn to the owner of the voice.


"W, wait, Ohana!"
"Omhm——"


Her lips were covered without any further arguments: "What is it?" intently stares Ohana.


"S, silly, don't yell in places like this!"
"Mmh, mmh~~mn, mn."


_Uh-huh uh-huh_, seeing her nodding her consent with blocked lips, Fuyuka at last withdrew her hand. Gazes of surroundings were concentrated  upon her no longer, thinking she was but a noisy child.


"E, excuse me. I am just so excited..."
"Hmm, please stay quiet in places like this..."


During such an exchange, Ohana chose _Sukeroku sushi_. A set of _Inarizushi_ and _Norimaki sushi_; decision have been made probably for it is included her favourite dish.
Fuyuka obtained casual _Yakitori_ bowl. Which contains a soft boiled egg within: one of her most favourite. And picked a fried white fish as a side dish to the boot, since it was cheap.


"Let's go with this for today, we'll buy the rest tomorrow."
"Yes! Ah, I will carry the basket!"
"Ah, th, thank you."


She reflexively passed it over to tendered forth hand. "Well, it shouldn't be heavy, and it's better than making her dispirited by my untactful decline," reckoned Fuyuka, viewing smiling face upon Ohana.


"My, helping out, eh, how kind of you. I'll put this one for you then! Here you go."


Furthermore, owing to that, lady clerk pasted a discount sticker for her, so the outcome was rather profitable.


(Nicely done, Ohana...)


"What is this paper patch?" had a curious look Ohana, whilst Fuyuka walked to cash register, admiring discount power of the other's.



After returning to apartment they took a brief break, and, just past six o'clock, started to prepare a dinner. Inasmuch as for reasons today lady merely had a light breakfast and neglected the lunch, she was pretty hungry.


"Ohana, would it be okay for you to begin now as well?"
"Yes. As I mostly had a dinner about six in the afternoon too, there is not a slightest issue."
"I see. Which reminds me, what is your daily rhythm like?"


They chatting while placed in microwave oven _betno_ was heating up.


"Let's see. At time of my being there, I woke up somewhere about six in the morning, cleansed myself, and then attended _Terakoya_[^5] until the noon. Whereupon I had a training as _Youko_, had a dinner towards the six, and went to bed commonly at nine... in the evening."
"Umm—, what a decent life."


Going to bed at nine might sound a little too early, but impression of so healthy a skin and the vigour probably due to such rhythm.


"And what does yours look like, Fuyuka-san?"
"Eh, mine? Let me see—..."


Bits by bits, Fuyuka also speaks up. She confessed that on weekdays and holidays she leads chaotic life rhythm and keeps late hours due to overtimes or whatever; due to looking the smart phone, or to idly watching television.
Ohana was flabbergasted to learn about sloppier life than she contemplated, and became still just like that.


(How is it, this hopeless adult in all the light! Seems to me your affection have rather depleted.)


When it comes to working people, time management inevitably turns arduous in various ways. Retain a healthful life atone to which she had as a child is hard; still more when she is living alone.
Fuyuka was slightly curious what expression would Ohana assume upon listening such a scenario, but as the other regained her self, she appeared to be oddly composed.


"So that's how it is, I see. Understood."
"Um?"


Subconsciously perceiving certain resolution, short to lurking desire, within the remark, Fuyuka,  however, as precisely at the moment the sound of microwave ending rang out, decided to let no keen thought upon it.

---

It will be much encouraging if you would bookmark, rate, and give me your impressions!
Please look forward to next chapter!

[^1]: [Kyoro kyoro] - restlessly looking around;

[^2]: [Chira chira] - glancing repeatedly;

[^3]: [Unajyu] - broiled eel served over rice in a lacquered box, [鰻重 - Wikipedia](https://ja.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E9%B0%BB%E4%B8%BC#%E9%B0%BB%E9%87%8D);

[^5]: [Terakoya] - temple elementary school;
