---
layout: post
date: 2021-05-10 04:27:14 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-09-01 03:48:42 +0000
title: "Section 7. No... Dinner!?"
author: sakkani
categories:
 - The Marriage of the Vixen-chan
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note:
chapter-link: https://ncode.syosetu.com/n1514fx/7/
chapter-type:
 - Chapter 1.
excerpt_separator: '<!--excerpt-->'
---
Thus, past this and that, a mysterious act of the life of Fuyuka and Ohana have had its opening.
Today is Saturday, time is nigh upon five in the afternoon. Before long, an average households will commence preparations for dinner.


It is no exception to Ohana.


"So then, I shall cook the dinner enfolded in my love!"
<!--excerpt-->

Her ears are _byoko-byoko_,[^1] her tail is _bun-bun_;[^2] whereas Fuyuka blends in a sigh, and replies to full of vigour girl:


"... I'm sorry, but I have no ingredients."
"Hee?"


Being allowed to open the fridge, "Is this a fridge? It's much smaller than the ice house," murmured Ohana, throwing it open, and snapping her eyes wide.


"Erm—..."


All its content comprised mere plastic bottles of tea and water, several eggs, and seasoning such as Vienna sausages of economical size and soy sauce.


"Pardon me, Hiiragi-sama, what​ is your common diet...?"
"Lots of _bento_, I guess. I buy them at supermarket in front of the station or at convenience store nearby."
"H-how can it be..."<!--???-->


"There we go, you are going to be disappointment," puffed out her chest Fuyuka. Albeit that is hardly something to be proud of, so is much simpler, if one lives alone. Just as she moved in, she tried her best at cooking, however the more she struggled amid the waves of society, the more away she drifted from cookery.


"Isn't it harmful for health? When I studied, I was told that _bento_ here are pernicious for health, for chemical seasoning which is used for strong flavours."
"Perhaps you are right, but, well, it's simple and convenient. Or rather, I've been hearing this 'studying' for a while now, what kind of education was that?"
"In place of my previous residence, we have a practice of taking lessons upon the world one is marrying into. Therefore, I had thoroughly covered this side of matters, too!"


Fuyuka could not help feeling the information is over-weighted and incorrect, however made up her mind not to delve into the matter, reaching a conclusion "I will supplement it, if necessary."


"If we currently have no raw ingredients, we should go and purchase them! I put my best foot forwards! Do you have any requests?"
"Err—, isn't it okay for today? Let's begin it from tomorrow."
"B-but, for the sake of your health, Hiiragi-sama..."
"What reminds me, this 'sama', you don't need to append it. This makes me somewhat uneasy, I have never been called this way. Besides, even if provisional, shouldn't my wife call me more intimately?"


After such claim, pondering a little, Ohana nodded, consented as though.


"I believe you are correct. Then what shall I call you?"
"Just Fuyuka is fine. No honorifics are needed as well."
"Honorifics are mannerism of mine... Then, may I call you Fuyuka-san?"
"Um—, well I guess that's okay."
"Then, then pray call me Ohana!"<!--???-->
"Uh-huh, alright."


Agreed Fuyuka, arising.


"Now, let's head to the supermarket."
"Yes! We shall purchase the ingredients!"


Fuyuka, however, shook her head.


"No, today we will have a _bento_."
"Eh? W-why? I'm fairly confident in my cooking skills..."
"Supermarket in front of the station is way better to buy raw ingredients."
"... How is it better?"
"Supermarket behind the apartment is small, has poor assortment, and prices  are set a little too high. Moreover, here they started to offer discounts on _bento_ and side dishes early on, it's a good deal from financial standpoint."
"H-haah—."
"Ohana, ingredients are not free. If you can buy them as cheaply as possible, you must do that, will you agree?"
"That is quite so. However, pray never mind the money!"


Declaring so, Ohana drew out a tiny cloth bag from nowhere, and tendered it to Fuyuka. Once she received it, it proved to be much weightier than she anticipated and nearly dropped it.


"A-and this is?"
"The money! For it would be ill of me to lay all the expenses upon the one I marry with, I brought my savings."


Peeking at its content fearfully, Fuyuka found the coins which one definitely might observe within history textbooks.


"... Ohana."
"Yes, what is it! Ah, Fuyuka-san, it's alright, you may avail yourself of them!"


Remarked Ohana, smiling broadly.


"Well, you know, this can't be used here."
"... ... Phuwheh—?"


"Haven't she studied it back there," wondered Fuyuka as her shoulders slumped slightly; Ohana had been frozen in place, with her lips parted, appearing to be perfectly astounded by the matter.


♢


"I beg your pardon, I cannot believe it cannot be used here."
"Well, perhaps if we take it to the pawn shop, it may cost a great sum."


Fuyuka and Ohana were on their way to supermarket behind the apartments.
In the end, as Fuyuka shall provide the wherewithal, the pair settled on purchasing _bento_ for dinner today, and raw ingredients at the supermarket in front of the station tomorrow.


"Ugh—, what a wife I am... to cause a distress whereas trying to be helpful..."
"Forget about it. You only have to learn this little by little. Besides, _bento_ isn't always so bad, why don't you give it a try today, Ohana?"
"... Alright. Today I should prefer to experience this _bento_ box, which is famous to be pernicious for health and rich in chemical seasonings!"
"... ... By the way, what is your favourite dish, Ohana? Sure enough, something between the _aburaage_[^3] and _inarizushi_?”[^4]
"Uwah, amazing! How have you gleaned it???"
"No, well, I thought there was a chance—."


This is a well-known fact that these meals are highly favoured by foxes, and it appears to apply to Ohana either. "Would be nice to find a _bento_ with _inarizushi_." Thinking thusly, Fuyuka and Ohana proceed their walk.


"And what do _you_ prefer, Fuyuka-san?"
"Me? Me, eh—, I wonder—. Honestly, any _bento_ is fine."
"Then, what would you fancy me to prepare?"
"Eh? Umm—..."


She has not had someone to cook for her in ages, which made a reply baffling. Anything would be fine as long as it prepared for her, however if she say so, it will likely but cause Ohana to be stumped. Hence, presently, she chose to answer what she was fond of in childhood.


"_Dashimaki tamago_;[^5] my mother used to make it once in a while. It was my favourite."
"I see, I see, I shall remember!"


She could not help a humble smile at such remark of Ohana, who threw her chest out. Supposing she prepare it, it shall certainly be joyful an event.<!--???-->
As they were having such chatter they arrived at supermarket. Although a small, a lively one, for numerous houses dispersed round it. Everyone from children to elderlies living in its vicinity visits it.


"Let's enter then."
"Th-this is the supermarket. One may find all the daily supplies but ingredients herein."
"Though it depends on location."


Along with Ohana, who for some reason shivered with trepidation, Fuyuka stepped into the supermarket.

---

It would be much encouraging if you bookmark, rate, and share your impressions with me!
Please look forward to next chapter!

[^1]: [Pyoko pyoko] - 1. up and down, moving in small leaps, 2. casually;

[^2]: [Bun bun] - shake-shake; <br> wriggling;

[^3]: [Aburaage] - deep-fried slices of tofu;

[^4]: [Inarizushi] - sushi wrapped in fried tofu;

[^5]: [Dashimaki tamago] - rolled omelette;
