---
layout: post
date: 2021-05-03 04:23:48 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-08-31 03:33:37 +0000
title: "Section 5. Vixen have Come Along."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - The Marriage of the Vixen-chan
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note:
 - "Glancing over it... <del>This is</del> <ins>This was</ins> the most rough draft I have ever published.  Corrections have already been made."
chapter-link: https://ncode.syosetu.com/n1514fx/5/
chapter-type:
 - Chapter 1.
---
Whilst anxious of her crimson cheeks due to physical factors, Fuyuka was returning homewards together with vixen named Ohana. Bouncing ears and tail which flared out of her body could not be left as is, and after explaining it, the young girl readily made them vanish.


"For disguise is in our blood! This much is easy as pie!"


Passed from vixen-girl to an ordinary one, Ohana stated so in spirit and followed after Fuyuka. Before one could notice, her attire sustained a change from pure white to pale-coloured _kimono_, and albeit she has not appeared to be the owner of so great a feeling of incongruity, it hitherto is disturbing.


The only bits Fuyuka learned from conversation on the way to the station were that Ohana was cheerful and energetic girl.<!--(potsu-potsu)--> Innocent joyfulness of her child-like speech slightly brightened Fuyuka's depressed humour; however the facts of not understanding girl's true character, and willingness of the girl to follow her home as matter of course inspired her with reasonable uneasiness.<!--???-->


"I see, this is, then, the train​ station, where trains run! It's my first time seeing a real one! Eh... ticket? Do we require it?"


Ohana was world away, or rather, situation of modern era was stranger to her. She has been excited to view everything from vending machine to automobile, saying she has never seen the real one before. "I should carefully enquire her about it later," sighs Fuyuka.
The ticket was for Ohana, while she herself employed her own transportation smart card. "Oh, what is this!?" questioned Ohana of shining eyes; but to offer succinct explanation would be arduous, and it was cut short with "Later."
Upon going through a feeling of an unspeakable guilt, regarding the girl somewhat downhearted, "Whew," she was relieved as the other began frolicking once again at the train's arrival.


"Indeed! So this is a box they call the mobile casket, heh."
"You know, knowledge you acquired seem rather biased..."


Suchwise train departed, reaching Yogaya, where situated apartment inhabited by Fuyuka. This is one of these parts in Tokyo where supermarkets and other facilities are gathered nigh by the station, at short walk thence lay densely populated residential area.


"Is your abode built far from here, Hiiragi-sama?"
"It's apartment, about fifteen minutes on foot. Tell me orderly about yourself there, alright?"
"Yes! As your wife I shall inform you of everything you want to learn!"


"I would like to begin from this 'wife' first—," thinking thusly, Fuyuka and Ohana unhurriedly paced their way  through early afternoon of the day off. Rain had long as stopped, and the sky was crystal clear, cloudless, of sole azure colour.


♦


Fuyuka lives in Tanda Heights, two-story apartment building, and her lodging is a corner flat on the second floor. Middle rooms are less expensive, however also are cramped 1K, whilst rent for the corner rooms is a little higher, the layout is larger 1DK,[^1] to show-off a little.
Not too spacious, in truth, but are decent lodgings for single person to settle in. The only drawback is that the exterior is pretty shabby, for building is relatively aged.


"I'm back—..."
"Pardon my intrusion!"


A weary voice and a vivacious voice filled the air. The apartment is not so messy, but is tidy by no means. Once entered into possession—“I will regularly clean here!"—she was enthusiastic; not-so-used supplies for cleaning chore are now forsaken in the nook of the flat.


"You can have a seat here. I'll bring something to drink."
"Excuse me, thank you very much!"


Escorting Ohana into the room which proven to take a main part in her livelihood, she goes to pour a tea from two-litre plastic bottle into the glass.<!--???--><!--yes, "glass"--> As she returned Ohana had her vixen's ears and tail back, and elegantly awaited in neat _seiza_.[^2]
Although, now and again, she would let her eyes swim, as though the television and small bookshelves about her weighted her mind down.


"Alright, here you go."
"Thank you very much!"


Fuyuka was in the dark whether Ohana has been thirsty, but the girl had her lips on the glass right away. It was hard not to smile at appearance of her drinking with an utmost effort by her tiny lips. However she cannot admit a smile now—.


"So then."
"Yes?"


Ohana tilts her head at breaking the ice Fuyuka.


"Who are you?"
"Ohana, though."
"Not your name! Ah, where should I start from. Er—..."
"For now, may you let me commence with an account of my coming here?"
"Eh? Ah, uh-huh. From this then."


Fuyuka was the only one who raised a voice, Ohana sound considerably at ease. Albeit she ought to be under the tension, stepping in to the dwelling of an outlander, Fuyuka, which expected to be a foreign land to her in itself, there was no promise of such.


"As I touched on it earlier, we are a family of _Youko_."[^6]
"Like in kanji for _youkai_ and _kitsune_?"[^3]
"Yes; among the _Youko_ therein also various a families, and we are the family referred as _Kenko_,[^5] who devotes ourselves to serve human."
"_Kenko_..."[^7]
"As we reach a certain age we travel to diverse a worlds, wherein we meet an assigned human, and serve them."
"Assigned... human?"
"Yes, of course. Certainly not someone by mere chance encounter, isn't it right? The person elected under various conditions is given the chance. Indeed... The 'chance', have there been something like so recently?"
"... Something, eh—. Something..."


Suddenly, it occurred to her: the leaflet handed to her out of the blue on her way home when she was depressed. As she looked back and found no one there, she felt a little eerie over the whole matter.
Fuyuka got on her feet and produced the leaflet. Somehow, she was unable to bring herself to throw it away, and kept it just in case.


"If _something_, then this flyer—. I called here and they assigned me an appointment at that Shinto shrine."
"Ah—, this one, this one!"


Taking the leaflet, happily smiles Ohana.


"This actually has special a warding upon it. Therefore, it should appear  nothing but piece of paper to anyone but you, Hiiragi-sama!"
"Eh? Is it?"
"Although it is as yet dark for such inexperienced person as myself, the opportunity to meet us in this way is given to those who have passed selection based upon some sort of criteria."
"Hee...?[^4] But, what if I received it and didn't react in any way?"
"Such circumstances would have never arisen. For everything has been settled at occasion of handing this."


Fuyuka found herself in a slight shivers at such an unquestioning Ohana.<!--???-->

---

It would be much encouraging if you bookmark, rate, and share your impressions with me!


[^1]: some reading [resources.realestate.co.jp](https://resources.realestate.co.jp/living/1r-1k-1dk-1ldk-apartment-whats-the-difference-and-which-should-i-rent/); <!--but in short...-->

[^2]: sitting on the soles, [Seiza - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seiza#History);

[^3]: 妖怪 [Yōkai] - demon, ghost, etc., 狐 [Kitsune] - fox;<br>I guess I shall also denote that single Japanese kanji may have past five different readings;

[^4]: [Hee] - _wow_, perhaps even _whoa_;

[^5]: 献狐 - an offering and a fox;

[^6]: Some slight clarification will not be superfluous, at least for me: <br>妖孤 [Yōko] (from first section of first chapter) <br>妖 [Yō] - attractive, bewitching, <br>孤 [Ko] - solitude (probably author's typo, which grown me perplexed); <br><br> 妖狐 [Yōko] (from fourth and fifth sections) - mythological fox spirit;

[^7]: she repeats it in _hiragana_, for reader to have no doubt in its reading;
