---
layout: post
date: 2021-07-01 06:40:17 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-09-12 04:52:54 +0000
title: "Section 18. The Rubbing Right."
author: sakkamade
categories:
 - The Marriage of the Vixen-chan
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: To sum up, excepting expressions of gratitude, so far author was mentioning the schedule for the next sections, holiday wishes, and, sparsely, apologies for delay.
chapter-link: https://ncode.syosetu.com/n1514fx/18/
chapter-type:
 - Chapter 2.
---
Sunday. Fuyuka, who had to stay reliant on meal, in conclusion called today a day of rest.
Specifically, a day of mere lounging about at home.


"Say—."
"Yes?"


It was past one o'clock on a quiet afternoon, a relaxing hour after having lunch. In the midst of it it was when Fuyuka spoke to the girl.


"Do you have any hobbies, Ohana?"
"Eh? Hobbies? Um~."


Up until now, Fuyuka's holidays have been an extremely listless days. The days when she would wake up just before lunch,​ whereafter do nothing whatever to lessen her fatigue.
First she thought of spending today blankly too, doing nothing to soothe her weary mind from work; the presence of vixen-girl, however, whom she shared the chamber with, made her feel rather fidgety. For that reason, without knowing why, she spoke to her.


"My hobbies are probably a household chores."
"Chores... Anything else?"
"Eh? U-um~."


For Fuyuka's part, she felt ever so​ intolerable to have Ohana in the middle of cleaning whereas she herself lay spiritless. After all, how could she permit her junior (in appearance) do that whilst she was being positioned upon the futon? How hideous would she look in the public eye?


(Well, not as if public know about us, we don't need to agonize over it much...)


The fluffy tail wagged as Ohana was pondering the question, but apparently, she cannot come upon nothing but domestic tasks. "No matter how you look at it, there must be something else," expected Fuyuka; but she say to have continuously lived this way, and housekeeping appears to have perfectly ingrained within Ohana.


"I've been wondering... How is your family now?"
"Fami...ly?"
"Uh-huh, parents, that is..."
"Oh, I have no parents."
"... Eh."


Although it should be an innocuous question, Fuyuka froze at the reply to it. Spotting that, Ohana hurried to correct herself.


"I never knew, for I have been under Shi Ren-sama's care for as long as I can remember."


She sound as though this is commonplace in her homeland, she was not even certain whether her parents ever existed, in the first place. "That is what _Youko_[^1] are," concluded she; however, Fuyuka hitherto cannot bring herself to admit it.
Now, content she or not, there is nothing that can be done about it.


"One may call it the 'mysterious circumstances', eh..."<!--???-->
"Fuyuka-san, you need not upsetting yourself of it at all!"
"Okay. Let's leave it aside for now... There is yet another point that I'd like to raise. Ohana, you came to be my wife, right?"
"Yes, I have come for this, yes..."


Wife... Albeit they may hold divergent values for being one, this comes from Ohana. And in the end, even if they are members of the same sex, they should plainly be considered a couple.


"Th-then, if; if—for example—there is something I want to do to you, Ohana, can I...?"
"... Something you want to do... to me...?"


Ohana blushed a little, hearing it. She could look as a child, however she was Fuyuka's senior, and she of course had _that_ sort of knowledge.


"I have a favour I must ask of you..."
"I-if I may be so good to help it..."


Originally, Ohana intended to meet such requests as they were made.
Ohana swallowed a little. She could not have expected it to be this early in the day, but...


"Th-then, um..."


Slowly, Fuyuka drew closer to Ohana, and...


♢


"Does..."
"Um-m-m—?"


The ridiculously weak, dumb voice come from the rear as Ohana addressed the lady with annoyance.


"D-does it feel good? Doing this."<!--???-->
"To say the least, it's fantastic..."


The shameful appearance of Fuyuka cuddling her fluffy tail could but discompose Ohana.


_“I want to cling to your tail...”_


Was a favour which made Fuyuka of slightly coloured face a few minutes ago. Ohana, who contemplated something else entirely, was partly dispirited; being that there was no particular reason to decline, however, she gave her approval.


"Hafwu—..."


For Fuyuka, the fluffy tail and the ears were the only targets of her desire to touch. Still more as the bearer was a beautiful girl.
While sleeping with Ohana, she touched her lightly, however never was she able to cuddle with her for wishing to avoid her awakening.


"Mmhm."


When the lady caressed her tail during rubbing her cheek, Ohana will react with a twitch. She mentioned not to be especially sensitive to it, but that was not to say she was free of sensation.


"Ah-umm."


Amongst humans who have unleashed their desires, seldom there ones who knows how to stop. Never noticing that Ohana trembled at times, Fuyuka continued to fondle her until was satisfied.<!--???-->


Either way, it had been the most soothing experience for Fuyuka. There is no mistaking it.

---

Thank you for all your bookmarks, ratings, impressions and typo reports!
Thanks for all your support!

[^1]: here was again used [妖孤] from first section (and it also is present in 12th section);
    however, since [孤] means _orphan_ (solitude) it does start to make some sense now... I have no idea...;
