---
layout: post
date: 2021-06-21 06:15:43 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-09-10 05:56:48 +0000
title: "Section 16. Ohana: A Study upon the Money's Value."
author: sakkamade
categories:
 - The Marriage of the Vixen-chan
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note:
chapter-link: https://ncode.syosetu.com/n1514fx/16/
chapter-type:
 - Chapter 2.
excerpt_separator: '<!--excerpt-->'
---
After finishing the lunch, Fuyuka went with Ohana to supermarket in front of the station.


"Though we've already been here... today we're here to teach you the money management."


Fuyuka's goal is to teach the girl the value of the money and to hand her some allowance for her daily activities. Fortunately, by slaving away in her employment, before she knew, she had enough savings, and there was no question in covering these expenses.
<!--excerpt-->

"Fuyuka-san, this money, it is so tiny."
"It's normal over here. First, there are six kinds of coins and the rest are bills..."


She furnished the girl with coins and banknotes as she explained. When they came here before, Ohana had only selected what she wanted to buy whereas Fuyuka was the one buying, so this will be her first time.


"Oh! Ah! Heeh—?"


Whilst walking round the supermarket together with Fuyuka, Ohana was studying the value of money by prices of products. For Fuyuka's part, she considered Ohana is a smart girl, and it appeared to be no mistake as her companion kept amassing knowledge more and more.


"Indeed... I believe I have pretty good idea of it now!"


And before long, Ohana effortlessly mastered the Japanese currency. It should not be that difficult, however is different from the currency Ohana used previously.


"Do you really?"


Not that she regarded her as a child, given her age. Nevertheless, her understanding of it had come far too swiftly. For it is unlikely, however, that Ohana would deceive and tell falsehood, Fuyuka made a suggestion:


"Then why don't you do the shopping right away?"


From tomorrow, Ohana will be able to leave the house alone. As a prelude (?), Fuyuka determined to let her shop by herself.


"Should that be okay for me?"
"Uh-huh. I'll leave today's dinner up to you, Ohana, so you can buy anything you like."


"Today's" she said, but if anything, "Today's as well" should be more correct. Since Ohana's arrival, Fuyuka's diet was entirely taken care of by the girl.


"Understood. May I also decide upon the menu?"
"Yes; but don't cross the contents of my wallet."


There is sufficient to get by, as long as she will not buy a lot of pointlessly expensive items, however Fuyuka more or less cautioned her against that.


"Let's see, then, today it shall be..."


After checking the contents of​ the wallet, Ohana proceed putting groceries into the basket. Being that the girl was so reliant on Fuyuka in practical side of life, Fuyuka actually hoped to supply her with some advices hereon. Sadly, however, making no mistakes, Ohana drew her first shopping trip to a climax quite ordinarily.


"Although I was confused at some point, I was able to make it safe and sound!"
"You was, eh..."
"Why, what is it?"
"N-no, nothing. So then, shall we go home. I want to spend the remainder of the day relaxing."


They have finished their shopping and now heading home. It was holiday and the streets were singularly animated. As they passed in the midst of diversity of people—from families to couples—while walking, Fuyuka felt indescribable, being accompanied home by Ohana.


(I wonder if anyone among these people may cognise the relation between me and her...)


Superficially, they could be seen as a distant sisters, or possibly even as a parent and a child. At the very least, not a single soul would imagine that that girl is her wife.


"What will you do when we home? There is still a time until dinner."
"Um—, some idling, I think. I just want to lie down..."
"Erm... Are you going to sleep?"
"Mnm, just lie down and laze about."
"H-haah...?"


Ohana appears not to understand much of Fuyuka's vocabulary. Ohana used to living a tightly knit life, and the practice of siesta does not ring a bell.


"You must be tired, too, Ohana. The moment to relax should make you none the worse."


And thusly the girls safely made their way home. After organising purchases, Fuyuka switched on the TV aimlessly. An unfamiliar online shopping programme was there. She, however, did not intend to watch it, for she only turned it on for ambient noise.


"Fuwah—, I'm tired."


Before Ohana's eyes there lay Fuyuka upon the futon she laid out earlier. This is typical for a holiday before Ohana has come.


"U-umm..."
"You can take your time, Ohana. There is the time until dinner."


It was a pathetic statement which implicitly suggested that the dinner has been left in the girl's hands, but Fuyuka herself was blind to the fact, probably out of tendency to spend all of her time lounging about.


"E-erm—..."


Ohana voiced her distress to the lady who kept lying down all the same. Obviously, since returning home, she had her concealed ears and tail back exposed. There Fuyuka noted a certain something: the dress was severely raised up by her tail.
As long as she was within the house, she was fine, but it was rolled up greatly which was not very visually pleasing, and she wore a newly bought undergarment, too. Fuyuka had to look away slightly, when addressing her​.


"By the way, how did you hide your tail and ears? Is it also a part of your spiritual power?"
"Yes, it also is. However, rather than hiding it, I'm merely making it transparent."


When Ohana stated so, her tail disappeared. Her dress, however, was raised up just as before.


"Merely for it's transparent, like so, doesn't mean it's gone."
"Oh, I see... Eh!? Then it was rolled up all the way to the home!?"
"No, I pushed it under my garments at the time... Like, umm, like so."


Ohana folded her tail in a way. Of course, it is visible no longer, and Fuyuka's view reveals but her bottom bulging slightly. It looked a little unnatural, but a hundred times better than the rolled up dress.


"I see. W-well, I guess that's okay. Uh... but when you was wearing a _kimono_ I didn't notice it at all."
"For I squish it inside. Such flowy clothing makes it more conspicuous."
"Hmm—, I bought it without thinking. I wonder if you will be alright..."
"I shall be alright! You have made this acquisition at such tremendous efforts, I shall find a way to hide it!"


Fuyuka felt somewhat uneasy over the matter. But she could not cut a hole in her clothes for letting the tail through it to keep it from bulging out. If she did that, it would be but perforated one-piece dresses from the perspective of others.
With such touch of anxiety, Fuyuka endeavoured to contemplate upon it a little longer, albeit being unable to do anything about it now, she ultimately resorted to continue lounging.


The only sound which filled the apartment was high-strung voice of online shopping, it was kind of like her usual languid holiday. The sort of a holiday when she sluggishly nap until the nighttime, whereafter naturally gravitate to a nearby supermarket to buy _bento_ box.


"... What's wrong?"


With sole distinction, however, of Ohana being around her. Ohana approached the side of lying Fuyuka, yawned once, and flopped down just like that.


"Fuyuka-san, as I watched you I started to feel sleepy too..."


This morning, the clerk at apparel store turned Ohana into a dress-up doll, and all the walking she had done appear to worn her out. Ostensibly, the fatigue disclosed itself after making it home. Neither did she seem to have any intention of changing her outfit.


"Fua-ah..."


Unlike her usual sleeping posture, presently Ohana curled her body up, well as a sleeping cat, and lowered her eyelids.


"So she sleep like this too..."<!--???-->


Not sooner than Ohana closed her eyes, her breath had immediately quieted. As a result, Fuyuka has been lured into her own sleepiness likewise, and parted with her consciousness.
The only mistake committed was not setting alarm clock. Not before the sun went down completely, however, had she realised it, after hearing the shriek of Ohana, whom she slept with.

---

Thank you for all your bookmarks, ratings, impressions, and typo reports!
Until the next time!
