---
layout: post
date: 2021-05-07 05:06:44 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-09-09 04:53:44 +0000
title: "Section 6. Provisional Wife."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - The Marriage of the Vixen-chan
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note:
chapter-link: https://ncode.syosetu.com/n1514fx/6/
chapter-type:
 - Chapter 1.
excerpt_separator: '<!--excerpt-->'
---
Being told of something as fixed regulations, Fuyuka could not quite follow.
At any rate, the most worrisome point is what Ohana before her eyes intends to do onwards.


"And because you're my wife we will be living together, isn't this so?"
"So, so that is, of course...!"
<!--excerpt-->

Not a trace of fluctuate might she note within an answer of the girl. Girl honestly means to reside together with lady within these apartment.
None the less, cohabitation with the girl of appearance of tender years, even if they of the same sex, is not something which might be lightly nodded to.


(How does she plan to obtain resident card and go through the whole lot of other formalities, to begin with! Or rather, what happens if someone find out that I brought a child of this apparent age to my house!? Will I be arrested!? I will be arrested!?)


Fuyuka turned pale, picturing her taking​ into custody on suspicion of abduction. She is not very anxious to be taken away wearing a mask, and receiving shutters from mass media.


(N-no good, I have to refuse.)


Upon admitting Ohana in to the house, that thought had crossed her again. During the time, Ohana before her eyes gazed at lady of such mental agony with look of puzzlement.


"Pardon me, is something troubling you? I shall do whatever I can!"
"No, I just still don't have enough information to know if it's a trouble."
"Information? Pray question me whatever you want! From now on, we are the wife-wife couple! Let us avoid as many secrets as possible!"


Accent of the expression "wife-wife"[^3] was peculiar; postponing​ a pursue for it, however, Fuyuka tossed question regardless:


"Mmm... Wife you say... What are you planning to do exactly?"
"What to do? Let's see, when it comes to being a wife, I shall be in charge of cooking, washing, cleaning, and so on—warming up the place to your, Hiiragi-sama, return! And of course, I should take care of your personal needs, too, Hiiragi-sama! For this purpose, I've also duly taken a study upon cosmetics and hairdressing, for instance."
"I see, I see..."


Apparently, Ohana's image of the wife taints slightly old-fashioned a concept. However, for Fuyuka whose employment inducing considerable weight, the offer of  Ohana was pretty appealing.


Somehow or other, as Fuyuka listened her out, Ohana's presentation shed some light upon her aim.<!--???-->
The degree of difficulty of sending her out like this is at its summit, too.<!--no too--> After all, no matter how one would look at it, her appearance is that of a child, and after being driven out of here, she will be clueless of further action. Also therein no guarantee that her person will not befall assault from some deviant, or that she will not be engaged into some kind of incident. If such were to take a place, Fuyuka's nights doubtless turn sleepless.
Hence, she has to ascertain what ensues in case of refusal.


"So, now, if I refuse you?"
"Eh!? No, please don't!? Whatever my lack is!? I'll correct it instantly; please name any thing which is to your discontent!"
"I-it's different! I'm asking 'if', only 'if'! Or rather, too close...!"


She managed to uncover her lips whilst restraining Ohana, who has neared herself past the table, by either hand. Perceiving that, "Fum—,"[^5] after a moment of alert, girl replied:


"In case if events must take such turn, my time would probably pass at the Shinto shrine, where I met you. For I arrived here in favour of living together with you, Hiiragi-sama, I am incapable of return until the curtain of your life shall fall."
"E-erm... Is that certain?"
"Yes; for we are such family."


On the bright side, if Fuyuka face it outright, she would be in the company of beautiful vixen for remainder of her life.
Facing it honestly, she is fairly fond of girl's appearance: wholesome, spirited, and also earnestly devoted (possibly finest a company as a spouse).
However, in view of social-scape, public opinions, and all the rest she cannot be loyal to her craving.


Fuyuka was torn. Should she accept or reject the offer? Each comprise merits and demerits, and then, again, probably for desires of Fuyuka's were also blended in, she has no decision within her reach.
Amidst such an anguish, the voice of Ohana sounded gently:


"Hiiragi-sama, Hiiragi-sama, you are terribly forworn right now, are you not?"
"Eh?"
"I have a feeling it's like so. Withal confused, for my visit is unforeseen, are you not...?"
"This... might be so."


In fact, she was exhausted. She could shatter by ill fortune and anxiety before long. Under such set of circumstances, it was but sane that so suddenly chanced collision with the vixen-maiden should render her haggard.


"I-I assume it is justified to be upset by this sort of happening out of nowhere! Among us there are some who has been well-nigh executed after quarrels due to misunderstandings at first interview."
"Executed..."


Fuyuka was at loss, "When in the world did it happen?" Obviously, supposing she bore a potential of execution, she would never had an attitude of doing anything about this young and sweet creature.


"You are the person of great kindness, Hiiragi-sama. Doubtless it is great a mental exhaustion to involuntary protect various people, lending them a hand. So I assume."


The encounter have happened few mere hours ago, and in spite of that Fuyuka was overwhelmed to find her own subconscious essence being read as book.
She is, as Ohana say, soft-hearted person. By no means a good person, however is the type to be bothered, thinking, for example, <!--"I have committed a blunder somewhere, have I not,"-->"It was all because of me, wasn't it," even if the other party is at fault.


"That is the grounds of your listening me out—me, who have shown up without a warning—and not casting me aside... I truly yearn to spend my time together with so kind-hearted a lady."


Catching these words, Fuyuka sensed a heartache. Never had anyone asked her afore in such fashion, not since she became a cog in society.


"It's only once, pray welcome me provisionally? And then, if you find it unacceptable on no account, I shall take my leave. Will this be all right...?"


Ohana of as yet childish look bows her head profoundly. Fuyuka, too, recognised her apprehension, for her vixen's ears were slightly prone.


(Why in the world are you going so far... for someone like me.)


Fuyuka fails to consider herself attractive person. As a matter of fact, she has well-arranged features of her own, and surroundings does not rate her that poorly, however, ignorant of it as she is, she undervalues herself.
She has been able, though, to partly settle down such herself, hearing Ohana's proposal.
And in despite of her _Youko_ origin, throwing her out is unthinkable, even though she was a senior; painful so to imagine her, _potsun_,[^1] spending her time desolate, all by herself at that shrine.


"... Understood. Let's call it provisional then..."


Accordingly, she determined to follow Ohana's suggestion. Albeit Fuyuka was unsure of lapse of the time to be considered provisional, she concluded that "Surely she will drain out her amiability in no time and withdraw from here speedily, won't she."
The scars of her former life were hitherto intimately lingered within her heart.


"Uwah—, thank you so much! I shall do my best being your wife, please look forward to it!"


Fuyuka responded to miniature hand of Ohana, which was presented to her across the table, in diffident manner. Feminine, miniature but warm hand felt both awkward and pleasant.

---

If you would bookmark, rate, and give me your impressions, it will be exceedingly encouraging, so please do so!

[^3]: 婦婦 - reads as _Fu-fu_, which is one of the ways to express titter;

[^5]: [Fu—mu] - hmm;

[^1]: [Potsun] - standing alone, loneliness; <br> Yes, author used three words to express how lonely she would be;

[^2]: may also be translated as _unpleasant_;
