---
layout: post
date: 2021-06-02 05:02:26 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-09-06 04:07:12 +0000
title: "Section 12. The Everyday with Someone Awaiting for Her to Return."
author: sakkamade
categories:
 - The Marriage of the Vixen-chan
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note:
chapter-link: https://ncode.syosetu.com/n1514fx/12/
chapter-type:
 - Chapter 2.
---
Fuyuka could not help being afeard for Ohana, but pitiless society take it in no account.
Leisurely working as usual, by noon she bought a decent bun and a coffee at  convenience store for lunch. Whereafter kept working until the evening, and lingered over her work until nine, snacking on the confections.


"Good day, everyone—."


And finally, exchanging a good-byes with colleagues, she departed from her workplace. On the whole, all the passings are  pretty much the same as ever.


"See you, Hiiragi-san—."


But not sooner than Fuyuka parted with Kana, who was similarly on overtime too, thence her step much differed from the groove.


"Oh, Hiiragi-san...?"


Kana stared suspiciously at so distant from her senior a person, who used to always trudge homewards, and burdened by dark aura upon the shoulders.

<br>


However swift her stride could be, she​ would still fail to buy hours back, only dozen of minutes at most.
And yet, she was anxious for Ohana. If anything, rather than for Ohana herself, for leaving stranger at home while setting off to work.


(Although I told her she can eat, take a bath, and go to bed first...)


She expect to return well before ten. However, even by virtue of their brief association she could gather that Ohana would stay waiting without sleep.


"Sure enough..."


Following Fuyuka's insight, when she finally reached apartment, her chambers were still lit. That was quite anticipated and she did not panic; producing her key she opened the door.


"Ah, welcome home!"
"I'm home... Were you waiting for me? You could just go sleep."


Ohana briskly ran to just returned Fuyuka. For it was so long since someone greeted her at home, she was a little, just a tiniest iota, excited.


"No, no; this is my duty, Fuyuka-san, to welcome you after laborious day! Which do you prefer: the bath, the dinner?"


"'Or perhaps me?' as a follow up?" for a moment contemplated Fuyuka; though she shook her evil passions off, "How have I become this kind of middle-aged weirdo." Pure and innocent Ohana will never say that, in the first place.


"I'd love to take a bath, but... it takes a time to make it ready, right."
"No, it has heated up a moment ago! You may go in at once!"<!--???-->
"Eh...? But I said I don't know when I'm back because of late overtimes."
"Well, you may call it sixth sense... I am not sure either, but I may usually foresee such things."
"Because you are _Youko_?"
"Hmmm—, because of that—?"


"Why, you don't know yourself?" was about to sharply question Fuyuka, but she chose the bath while she had an opportunity. On weekdays, she do not have much time, and commonly takes a shower. If possible, however, her true heart lies to soak herself in a hot water.


"Nice hot bath..."


Enjoying the bath presumed upon such great kindness of Ohana, Fuyuka came out to find meal for two lay upon the dining table.


"Indeed, Ohana... And dinner was also arranged!?"
"Yes; I have been waiting for you, though? The evening is late now, I made a small, easy-to-digest menu."


As Ohana say, table occupied moderate portions of meals, with _tamagotoji udon_[^1] as a main one, which seemed to be easy on stomach.


"Th-thank you. I'm happy to hear it, but weren't you hungry yourself, Ohana? It's so much unlike the life you had."


The time was about ten. Yesterday she already slept by now. It should be hard on Ohana and her custom of going to bed early. Whereas Fuyuka was ill at ease, girl replies, smilingly:


"Surely to say I'm not sleepy would be false, however to eat together with you like this is more delicious. And also, I feel lonely eating by myself."
"... Umm—, when you putting it so... All right then, I guess."


Fuyuka was incapable of potent denial, and the food was getting colder, after all. Therefore, she joined her palms together.


"What kind of occupation do you have, Fuyuka-san?"
"Umm—, well, I look into the monitor and... Not sure... Slothfully tapping the keyboard, I think—."<!--changed-->
"???"


To eat while chatting with someone. This became natural since Ohana's coming, and it certainly tastes better than eating _bento_ alone... Or so she feel.


"That was tasty!"[^2]
"Thank you for the meal. You sure can cook anything, eh?"
"I've more or less studied Japanese, Western and Chinese cousin, however I'm not so confident in Chinese cooking yet. Although I fancy to give it a try at some point!"
"I... see... Thank you very much, that was delicious. I'm sorry about everything."
"No, no, it makes me happy to hear you say that!"<!--???-->


Stating so, Ohana was about to start washing  dishes. They, however, were naturally deprived by Fuyuka. Whichever ears and tail she had, she has hitherto been a child at the outside, and it pained the conscience so to let her go that far.
Fuyuka directed Ohana to take a bath after resting for awhile, and started dish-washing.


"_Ara_...?"[^3]


And thereat, too, her waited one more realisation.


"I don't remember it being this beautiful..."


The kitchen, area about the gas stove, looked excessively beautiful. No, truly beautiful. Minor spots all over the kitchen, oil stains upon the gas stove have gone leaving no trace behind.


(Come to think of it, the air in whole flat appears refreshing...)


If one were to peek into the space between refrigerator and wall, they would find no accumulated blackish dust even therein.
Fuyuka hastened to bathroom which she left a short while ago.


"And here as well..."


No water blots typical of unit-baths. Doubtless it was Ohana's doing. She and only she is the one who could.


"Eh, what is the matter?"


As Fuyuka was peeping in to such bathroom a voice called out from behind her. There stood Ohana, holding nothing but a towel for wiping-her-body-business.<!--???-->


"Oh-Ohana... Say, did you make some cleaning today by any chance?"
"Yes? so I did. I did it for I had nothing particularly to do and plenty of supplies for cleaning chore. Per-perchance I was not allowed to!?"


Cleaning supplies were bought for systematic cleaning chore, right before were forsaken. She has been a quintessential sloth.


"No... rather than not allowed... Please, Ohana-sama, forgive me. Kindly take your time..."<!--???-->
"Eh, w-what? Fuyuka-san???"


Escorting Ohana of the countenance which as though exclaimed "What are you saying!?" to the bathroom, Fuyuka sighed out.


"Well, if you deeply, deeply think about it, cleaning was perhaps the only occupation she had, but even so, to let her do everything on her own..."


Fuyuka was despondent, pasting upon herself a label of hopeless being. She was ashamed of doing so little as dish-washing earlier and thinking she is doing her bit.<!--???-->


"A-anyway, we can do it from now on! Uh-huh, right!"<!--???-->


Still saying unsure of whether she actually can afford it, even after making up her mind, Fuyuka ended with nothing but washing the dishes presently.<!--changed-->
Then, a little while later, Ohana appeared from the bath. She was dressed in what looked as sleepwear, Fuyuka did not know if that was the part of the _Youko_ power. Albeit, certain thing she found slightly eccentric: the tail which was bundled up in a towel.


"This reminds me, why have you wrapped it around—and yesterday too?"
"Eh? I'm doing this for I need dry the tail. <!--Only--> The tail is slow to dry."


She tightly wrung it out, then enveloped it in a towel, and now waiting for it to dry off.<!--???--> Yesterday and the day before yesterday, Fuyuka watchfully waited and wondered what was it for; although, after nicely taking a thought, it was obvious.


"But, why not just use a hair-dryer?"
"_Hairdraier_?"
"... Come here."


"I have to make sure how profound her knowledge about home appliances as well," thought Fuyuka.


"Fuwaah—."


As Ohana sit upon the futon, the current of warm air from hair-dryer was directed to her tail, which was being combed withal. The more Ohana's tail dried up, the more it became fluffy and silky. This is blissful moment for Fuyuka, who found her chance to touch it in a natural flow.


(We should make it a habit.)


Ohana moaned pleasantly while her tail has been gently brushed, getting bushier and bushier.


"Come to think of it... is it okay to touch the tail like this?"


In the world of fiction, this is a delicate region, if one were to look at so meekly patted Ohana, however, it does not seem to be that way.


"It's a little ticklish, I should say—. Ah, but the base is rather sensitive, I would get startled if someone suddenly touched it."
"Oh, I see."


Whereafter, time streamed in silence. To her surprise, Fuyuka was  able to enjoy the soft tail, and to touch it free from an obstructive thought. The warm, downy fur seemed to blow away her daily fatigue by mere touch, twice as much in case of animal lover.


"_Yosh_, this is it. Ohana?"


Fuyuka turned off the hair-dryer upon accomplishing the job, and spoke to her; but there was no reply.


"Ohana...?"


When she called her once again, Ohana, _slump_, lost her support and flopped down upon the futon.


"Wait... W-what's wrong?"
"_Zzz, zzz_..."


For how long Ohana has been asleep was left obscure, but her breathing is already regular. Drying her hair upon the futon served her well.


"You was sleepy after all."


As she touched the tip of her ear with fingertip, _pokun_, it  jerked instantly. Covering her carefully, so that not to wake her up, Fuyuka set her alarm clock and lay down next to her.


"Good night."


Sensing quiet breath from nearby, she also departed for the world of the dream.

---

Thank you for all your bookmarks, ratings, impressions, and typo reports!
Until the next time!

[^1]: [Tamagotoji] - soup (stew) over which before serving was poured a beaten egg; <br> [Udon] - thick Japanese noodles;

[^2]: [Gochisou sama deshita] - like [Itadakimasu] but said after eating the meal;

[^3]: [Ara] (femenine) - the same as [Are], "Eh?";
 however, unlike [Are], it is used when speaker doesn't understand something at all, thus accompanied by stronger emotion;
 e.g. "_Are_? Why is this here?" and "Ara! What is this?"
