---
layout: post
date: 2021-04-16 03:42:33 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-07-05 04:07:11 +0000
main-title: "The Marriage of the Vixen-chan. <br> By Kumani. <br> <br> Chapter 1. Encounter between Fuyuka Hiiragi and vixen Ohana."
title: "Section 1. Working Member of Society and Vixen."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - The Marriage of the Vixen-chan
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: "The author provided us with their own occasional notes at the top and bottom of the section (separated by rule). I will omit  messages of update frequency, keeping the rest. <br> <br> And  traditional: <br> Grammar, punctuation, sentence construction, accuracy of translation, and so forth is not a complete, but mess all the same. You may enjoy only if you fine with it."
chapter-link: https://ncode.syosetu.com/n1514fx/1/
chapter-type:
 - Chapter 1.
excerpt_separator: '<!--excerpt-->'
---
This is my new series. I hope you enjoy!


---

"Nice to meet you. I am Ohana."[^1]
"...Yes?"
"I've come here as your bride, my Lady. And although I may be inexperienced, I look forward to spend with you many a years to come."<!--excerpt-->


It was a scene amidst the rain, which was falling  quietly   from cloudless, blue sky.
Within noiseless precincts of the sacred Shinto shrine, a female of casual  appearance and a maiden clad in pure white were engaged in dialogue.
The female, however, being so ill-suited for that solemn air, stay frozen in place, with her lips vacantly parted, appearing to be an outspoken imbecile.


♢


It was a mysterious place. The expanse with rising abreast Shinto shrine, erection akin to the Imperial Palace, and, immediately after, skyscraper which seemed to reach to the sky.


Therein, before the shrine, knelt sole maiden of solemn presence.


"Shi Ren-sama."
"You are here, Ohana. Rather behind a time."
"Pardon me. Preparations  took me longer than expected..."


As  maiden whom was called Ohana​ apologised, the female emerged from the main building of Shinto shrine. Upon an attractive bearing of high, slender stature, she wore  _kimono_ adorned with  gorgeous ornament. The female sent a smile  at apologetic Ohana.


"No, I don't condemn you. Rather, this sort of attitude and readiness is much desirable."


The name of the female is Shi Ren. By appearance, she is a beautiful agent of fair sex, but her distinctive features are vixen's ears, growing from her head, and nine large tails, outgrowing from her bottom part.
As she drew nigh Ohana she folded her knees, thus joining their line of gazes. Her eye look so gently as if she was watching her own child. She, then, placed her hand upon miniature head of her associate, and stroked it slowly.


"Fu-wah—..."


Similarly to Shi Ren, upon the head of Ohana might also be found vixen's ears. She has single tail, but bushy and big one, and seems truly cuddlesome. She lowers her eyelids at pleasant feeling of being caressed.


"Before I could notice, Ohana is already a hundred years indeed..."
"Yes! I was able to grow up this healthy thanks to Shi Ren-sama!"
"Not only me, I imagine it's thanks to everyone here. Nevertheless, I can't believe you are about to go to your first wedding... Time files, indeed. Are you nervous?"
"I am... a little; but... but it's alright! For I'm certain I will do my best!"
"Ohana is going to be all right. Have a confidence in yourself."


These females were ethnic group commonly referred as _Youko_.[^2] By legend, they excelled at disguising[^5] people, and, after committing all sorts of wrongdoings in Japan, were eventually vanquished by the human of power.
Amongst such a family, these females were slightly unlike the rest. They engage in no evil, and instead made their calling to stay close to human and spend their lives jointly.


One of them, Ohana, has just turned a hundred years  of age, and now she has to descent to inhabited by human land in favour of getting married, so according to the custom of her family.
Today, she came round the shrine where  resided Shi Ren to bid  her farewell.


"Now, Ohana. I have only one question before sending you off."
"Yes, what is it!!"


Shi Ren sighed, looking at the piled up _furoshiki_[^3] wrappings behind Ohana.


"I was wondering, what is this luggage...?"
"This is my trousseau! You see: There is a basin for laundry chore, a clay pot for cooking chore, and then this one and also that one..."


Whereas Ohana, who loves household chores, happily presented an explanation, Shi Ren  returned regretfully.


"Ohana. It was settled, was it not, that bringing possessions into the land of the human is as principle forbidden?"
"Eh, was that so...? Th-then what about these? The items I prepared so desperately..."
“...You shall leave them behind.”
"It-it can't be!"


Shi Ren hoped to send her off cheerfully; seeing Ohana prattle on before her eyes, however, a tiny shade of anxiety had crossed her.


◆


In all fairness, the life of Fuyuka Hiiragi could not be regarded a very good one.
She went through compulsory education and commonplace high school, whereafter drifted straight to  university. She, then, consumed mediocre time as typical​ student, and  alighted at employment at certain company.


"Pardon me for leaving first.[^4] Thank you for your hard work."


The company have  also been commonplace one, and is neither large nor small; but there were plenty  time-consuming  overtimes on daily basis which does not make sense, and, what is more, it was an enterprise which was not much in tune with the flow of the world today, as during the time which considered busy season  most of the days were spent going home with the sunset.


Sparsely there were any people by the time she finished her work. It was past nine in the evening when Fuyuka left the office. She has  to walk now to the station, board the train, whereafter trudge to her apartment. For it takes roughly an hour, she should return home at about ten.


"Ha-a—."


Under the murky sky, Fuyuka grows a breath. That visage had not been inferior in sombreness to that murky sky. The reason for that were not prolonged laborious overtimes.


"Difficult, eh—. This love."


She had just been jilted by girl a few days ago.

---

If you like, I should be happy to receive your bookmarks, ratings, and impressions!

[^1]: [Hana] - flower; but preceding [o] gives the word formal ambience—something akin _the flower_, but simultaneously it gives the word slight cuteness and character; the girl  use such [o] in her vocabulary likewise;

[^2]: 妖 [Yō] - attractive, bewitching, 孤 [Ko] - solitude;

[^3]: wrapping cloths, [Furoshiki - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Furoshiki);

[^4]: —from the work;

[^5]: 化かす - another definition is _to bewitch_;
