---
layout: post
date: 2021-04-28 23:51:13 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-08-29 21:57:28 +0000
title: "Section 4. Vixen in white Kimono."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - The Marriage of the Vixen-chan
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note:
 - "I keep only Japanese onomatopoeia which would also seem to be cute to English-speakers, leaving out the rest; but I—following the manner of author's composition—write it in the way when one do not actually need to refer to footnotes whilst reading, and may, or may not, run over them after reading the section."
chapter-link: https://ncode.syosetu.com/n1514fx/4/
chapter-type:
 - Chapter 1.
excerpt_separator: '<!--excerpt-->'
---
Fuyuka's brain have suspended itself. Apparently, the amount of intelligence which she may accept as human was past tolerable.


"Well, erm—...?"


The maiden who bowed politely a moment ago, witness lady motionless, spoke to the other in  bashful voice. However, as no reaction befallen her all the same, she grew anxious, and, _chon_,[^1] pinched the clothes of _miko_ by the side.<!--excerpt-->


"Per-perchance we are unseen to her?"


From under the mask was heard a gorgeous tone of priestess which was to answer to that voice of unrest.


"No, I fear this might not be the​ case, for we are on this side. I daresay her mind cannot appreciate so unexpected a turn of events."
"In-indeed... Then, what shall I do?"
"Let's see. For now, I suppose the quickest is to touch and see?"
"Understood!"


Nodding to the answer of _miko_, _tote-tote_,[^2] the maiden in white _kimono_ approaches Fuyuka in childish trot. _Miko_ had to flusteredly re-adjust an umbrella at a little unforeseen _manœuver_.


"Well—... Erm."


What maiden performed was an elementary motion of gripping one of Fuyuka's downcast hands in both of hers. Perhaps for difference between an adult and a child, but the hand of Fuyuka failed to altogether be enveloped in both hands of the petite maiden; however, fruitfulness of it was remarkably exceptional:


"Hyaaa!?!??"


Immature shriek. And albeit maiden started at so sudden, so strange a voice, she did not withdraw her hands.


"Pray tell me, can you see me?"
"Eh? Eh? Wh-what? You—in pure white?"
"Yes! Dear me, I'm so glad—, I thought perhaps you couldn't perceive us."


_Phew_,  peeking from silk floss headdress, the countenance was one of relief, with visibly suitable to the age smile directed towards Fuyuka.


"I introduced myself earlier: I am Ohana. May I ask for your name?"
"I-I am, Hiiragi... Fuyuka Hiiragi, but..."
"Hiiragi-sama, are you! I truly look forward to be of service from today on! Now then, now then, if you will be so good to remove this headdress⸺"
"W-wait a moment, wait!?"


Somehow, Fuyuka muddled through to interrupt the dialogue, which, _don-don_,[^3] was willingly about to proceed upon its own path. Instantly, expression of the young maiden before her eyes have clouded anxiety, and, though not without strange a feeling of guilt, Fuyuka threw doubt.


"Um... Eh, what? Wife? Whose???"
"Whose you say. It was settled, was it not, yours, Hiiragi-sama? Oh! C-could it be that a nuance of wedding is vary here!?"
"No, here it also should hold an equal value."



The maiden's uncertainty has been answered by priestess maintaining an umbrella. Once approached closer, her stature was clearly much taller than that of Fuyuka's, and the fox mask finalised her intimidating air.


"Is that right... So—, I came here as your wife-sama, Hiiragi-sama. So much so. Is there any difficult part to understand?"<!--???-->
"Th-there—right there!  The 'wife'... Do you understand what it means!?"
"Ah, ahuh—... It is, is it not, the connection where we should live supporting each other for a lifetime as spouses?"
"So it is! Eh? Am I the odd one??? Huh—?"


Fuyuka, who had a question mark in boisterous dance over her head, _zui_,[^5] once again lay under the pressure of young maiden.


"May I ask you to kindly take and receive the headdress for now? Otherwise nothing will commence!"
"Y-yes? The headdress that covers you, this?"
"Why, that's it! Come now, come now, kindly!"


Momentum of the maiden who called herself Ohana was so exceptionally masterful that Fuyuka laid her hands afore could even duly ponder it over.
By design, to wear bridal headdress is to keep a visage of the wife from being seen by anyone apart from her partner. In other words, taking it off certainly betoken... Exactly.
Unable to dwell on such thought, however, Fuyuka makes no pause and unhurriedly removes the silk floss headdress.


"Ears!? Why!?"


Since a while ago, Fuyuka issued but daze and confusion. It was inevitable, however, for, _bounce_, from the head of the maiden before her eyes popped up a pair of  ears of the fox. "Some sort of accessory?" she thought to herself; but  they were  moving  naturally, and did whatsoever not appeared to be artificial pair.
Nevertheless, amazement of Fuyuka does not cease thereat.


"Tail!? Why!?"


Until a while ago, she had failed to note it due to confusion, or was rather conscious of its presence upon her approach, anyhow, from about coccyx, passed through the white _kimono_, was swaying a single bushy tail.
Ohana replies quizzically to revealing pure wonder Fuyuka.


"Are you actually surprised so much? It is commonplace, for I am of _Youko_ family..."
"_Yo-Yo-Yo-Youko_...???"


Once again, the capacity of the brain was exceeded by overwhelming account, and vertigo seized Fuyuka, when, at last, she was about to collapse to the ground.


"Be careful!"


The support came from the maiden before her eyes. In spite of difference between an adult and a child, Fuyuka was surprised to find herself being unexpectedly firmly supported, and simultaneously enfolded in mild a sensation of female, which she had not experienced in a long time.


"Are-are you all right?"
"I am sorry... Everything is happening so fast, I can't seem to keep up... Huh?"


Hardly Fuyuka mustered herself to somewhat raise her bearing from supported position as the countenance overcome a fresh surprise.
For bizarre landscape from a moment ago have restored its former shape: Neither row of numerous small _torii_ gates, nor august Shinto shrine, along with female  wearing a fox mask and _miko_ outfit, remained.
However, singular vixen before her eyes—Ohana—stay intact.


"It appears I was able to transfer safely..."


Whereas blinking at Ohana, who, "Phew," grew a sigh of relief, Fuyuka reached her hands to soft a cheeks of the maiden.


"... Um? What is it?"


Whereupon, with no hesitation...


"Fuwhai—, whaiaayoudwooin~~."


_Mochi-mochi_,[^4] were stretched cheeks of the other.<!--_vignon_ (another onomatopoeia???)--> So soft as _mochi_[^6] cheeks were not an apparition of any sort, and protest left the lips of Ohana.
Then, not sooner than Fuyuka took her hands off them, she pinched her own cheeks next. Stretching them not so gently as earlier, it was rather painful.


"It hurts."
"Are you all right...?"


Ohana was puzzled by an abrupt conducts. Fuyuka, however, on the other hand, has been  baffled far beyond that.


"A-anyway, I am looking forward to be of service from now on!"


Fuyuka had to pinch her cheeks again at the words which appeared to proclaim the beginning anew.

---

It would be much encouraging if you bookmark, rate, and share your impressions with me!
Thank you very much!

[^1]: [Chon] - touch softly;

[^2]: [Totetote] - fussily move about;

[^3]: [Dondon] - 1. quickly, 2. more and more;

[^4]: [Mochimochi] - doughy (ductile), elastic;

[^5]: [Zui] - thrust, shove;

[^6]: [Mochi] - rice cake;

[^7]: [ビニョーン] - I have no idea what it is;
