---
layout: post
date: 2021-06-06 04:27:44 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-09-07 04:28:47 +0000
title: "Section 13. What is Changing my Life?"
author: sakkamade
categories:
 - The Marriage of the Vixen-chan
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note:
chapter-link: https://ncode.syosetu.com/n1514fx/13/
chapter-type:
 - Chapter 2.
excerpt_separator: '<!--excerpt-->'
---
"Uunh——..."


For an umpteenth time sighed Fuyuka today at the groan and suspicious look of her junior Kana.


"Like I said, it's nothing."
"Nay—! It's definitely something! After all, it's weird, it's Wednesday and I  still haven't seen these dead eyes of yours!!"[^1]
"So rude..."
<!--excerpt-->

It is the first week as Ohana arrived. Today is Wednesday, which also marks the half-way point.
As a matter of course, she was late to return on both Monday and Tuesday, and although motivation has not been something she ever had to begin with, Fuyuka  mysteriously feel neither too languid nor too wearied.


"Where's Hiiragi-san who always seems dying on Wednesdays and Thursdays, and is just teensy bit better only on Fridays before holidays?"
"Well, I don't know... It's fine, even I can be cheerful once in a while."


Kana, plainly seeing through such facade of Fuyuka, was involved with her since the early morning. Incidentally, Fuyuka's impression of Kana was that she is perpetually in relatively good spirits. How enviable.


"It _is_ fine for you to be cheerful... But! that's not the question here!"


Stating this much, Kana lowered​ her voice slightly, and murmured, grinning:


"... Could it be some boyfriend, perhaps—?"


For an instant, Fuyuka almost let out a gasp. Even though she does not have "some boyfriend", but wife who bypassed the formalities, the only factor in her slightly unusual vitality must be this very wife.


"I-I have no boyfriend or anything. But... Indeed, I just tried to keep early hours and healthy diet."
"Eh—, really now—? You are quite popular, Hiiragi-san, so I was hoping that you perhaps having some in-house romance..."


Kana hung her head, downcast.


"What are you expecting and disappointing about? Or rather, what do you mean 'popular'?"
"I mean exactly that."


In fact, the words of Kana was not a misstatement.
The person herself has no intention at all of being such, but she work silently day-in day-out without a word of objection, not berate each and every one as her supervisor does, still appearing to be peaceful all together, and in spite of all this she is fairly good-looking.
Again, even if the person does not whatever mean to shape themself that way, surroundings cannot but recognise them such.


"Look, don't say silly things. I should get to work. I must be home as early as possible."
"... As early as possible... Perhaps because someone is waiting for you there?"
"... ... Because I won't be able to eat otherwise."


The dubiousness ever more shaded the pupils of Kana's eyes, Fuyuka, however, was able to somehow cut her way through the situation (?) by exercising her right to silence.


◆


"Welcome home!"


Barely afore ten o'clock did she succeed to put in an appearance back home. Today, however, upon the grounds of visiting the supermarket to pick up some ingredients for meal.


"Wah, pray accept my apologies—apologies for making you acquire all this."
"It's totally fine, Ohana. It is I who locked you up... Just two more days, okay?"


They scheduled to start off shopping on Saturday. In plans also to enlighten Ohana the money management, and to obtain the clothes for her going-out-alone-business.
So to speak, unto then, Ohana as though placed under house arrest; Fuyuka felt awful for that.


"No need to worry! I am yet to dust the lodgings, and I, too, had the experience of watching this _tivi_!"
"Oh, I see... And what was on TV?"
"Today, there was something called 'Moo-vi' at noon, and so I was watching it. A bunch of sharks were shown therein."


"I wonder if this is something to panic about," concluded Fuyuka, slightly  relieved as the other appeared to bear her liberty in her own way.
Fuyuka has hitherto not completely welcomed Ohana into her life, although being good-natured as she is, she cannot chase the girl out still, and along with so hectic an everyday life which she has, she kept the girl at her lodgings under excuse of "Oh well, there is nothing I can do."


(Obviously she herself won't wish to remain for loo long...)


The idea desperately adhered to the depth of Fuyuka's mind. Being cast aside by her last girlfriend, she subconsciously suffer a trauma.


"Come, take your bath kindly. I shall prepare the meal!"
"Th-thank you."


However sadly it is, as things stand now, Ohana tinted Fuyuka's livelihood in mere few days.


(I can't help it, can I! Getting home and here this hot bath ready and these tasty meals prepared and this precious girl smiling!)


Both vixen's ears and tail were solely complements, from Fuyuka's point.
Recently, for she began to use the dryer upon Ohana's hair after her bath, there is an occasion when she may pat Ohana to her heart's content, and furthermore, being that Ohana usually dozes off in the middle of it, she has a good time of stroking the other however her heart desire.
Albeit each and every time Fuyuka fails to shoo away gradually overcoming somnolence whilst feeling the touch of vixen's tail.


In such fashion first week with Ohana had consumed itself. As ever Fuyuka was languid at work, but as a result of Ohana's assistance in domestic chores, she felt that she moved forward.


And finally, the Saturday comes.


"Then, shall we."
"Yes! Kindly!"


The Saturday of lesson for Ohana upon the life under this world has commenced.

---

For your bookmarks and ratings, impressions and typo reports, thank you everyone!
Until the next time!

[^1]: [Sihnda sakkana no me] - what literally translates as "eyes of a dead fish", English equivalent is "empty look" or "blank gaze";
