---
layout: post
date: 2021-05-24 04:51:14 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-05-26 05:21:33 +0000
title: "Section 10. Step One. Seizing her Stomach is Fundamental. "
author: sakkani
categories:
 - The Marriage of the Vixen-chan
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: These weeks I haven't had much time for beautiful wording (although time for innumerable grammar and other errors seemed to be just enough...) <br>Over  past few days I set myself to change it, and presently the whole first chapter is so close to perfection as never before. <br> Anyway, look forward to second chapter!! (I also will❤)
chapter-link: https://ncode.syosetu.com/n1514fx/10/
chapter-type:
 - Chapter 1.
excerpt_separator: '<!--excerpt-->'
---
Although even considering such condition, Fuyuka seemed to pass through so many an events and to accumulate so much a tiredness by one day that drowsiness had overtaken her before she knew it.


"Umm, mn...?"


The moment Fuyuka opened her eyes to find that the rays of faint, morning sun already flowing between the curtains, carrying bright change from the darkness of the night.


"Mmn..."
<!--excerpt-->

Whereas attacked by lethargy peculiar to awakening, she glimpsed at the smart phone which was charging at her bedside, and found that it was still only past seven. Seldom had Fuyuka awakened at this hour in holiday, and even if she had, it was typically to fall asleep once again.


Today, however, was different.


"Hh!"


She recalled sudden appearance of the vixen from yesterday. On top of everything else, they fell asleep upon the same futon. _Whoosh_, springing up, Fuyuka glanced next to her.


"Eh?"


But there was not no sign of the​ other's.
For a moment, she thought "All this was actually a dream, eh." But apparently,  small depression where the girl spent her sleeping remained. In addition,  might be heard the noise of frying, as well as cute, little humming, coming from the kitchen.
Fuyuka crawled up from the futon, and unsteady as she was, made her way for the kitchen. As expected, she found Ohana standing before the stove.


"Oh, good morning! Could I have awoken you?"
"No... I went to bed early last night, I think I woke on my own. Oh—, good morning... And, what are you doing?"
"For there were some eggs, I thought I should fry them firstly, and I also wanted to master the gas stove."
"Are you okay dealing with this? Like, fire."


Considering that Fuyuka knew of her keenly biased, timeworn knowledge, "Hopefully it went alright," she desired; however to her surprise, Ohana appeared to reliably acquire correct information upon this area.
Naturally, it would be beyond endurance if the flat was set ablaze, so Fuyuka stroked her breast down, relieved for the moment.


"No need to worry, I am careful with fire. Back then I have had a hard time, though..."


Watching Ohana stating thus with rare to her distant look, "What could happen,"  grew curious Fuyuka; however she sealed her lips, she felt she must not dig into it.
So without a pause, Fuyuka proceeded to wash her face and brush her teeth. The early morning view from the window appeared somehow refreshingly foreign.


"Fuyuka-san—, how do you usually eat bread—?"
"Er, I just eat it as is—."


Replying to Ohana, whose voice echoed from the kitchen, and wiping her face, she headed out. The pan, which was frying the eggs a moment ago, is roasting wieners at present.


"Sorry for this. There is nothing else."
"No, no, it's all right, we shall buy plenty today and we will be fine. From tomorrow on we shall make it right! For breakfast is  opening of the day!"


Honestly, Fuyuka felt like she had lavish breakfast by now, even if it comprise  but fried eggs and bread.
On weekdays she would rush out of the house without so much as spending a moment on eating, whereas on holidays she would chiefly slumber until the noon.


"So, we shall go when we are ready then! Go to that huge and perilous supermarket!"
"I think you've subtly misinterpreted me, but sure, after short rest."


A little surprised to find herself curiously exceptionally dynamic, Fuyuka had relaxing time at breakfast  with Ohana.


Whereupon, after washing dishes, Fuyuka and Ohana strode their way towards the station. Ohana's garment was the same _kimono_ as yesterday.
It seems that she is capable of producing it by magic, but Fuyuka could not follow her in the least. Among everything else, she resolved to buy Ohana  clothes one of these days.
For today, however, they head towards the supermarket in front of the station. It is five-story building, with food-related items occupying the first and second floors, and hobby articles, miscellaneous goods, and clothes upon the upper floors.


(Taking the opportunity, perhaps it may be as well to buy underwear.)


"Whowa~!"


Ohana was raising more admiration than when they went to yesterday's supermarket. It definitely is a world apart in terms of dimension, and for it is holidays' forenoon, it has countless visitors therein,  too.


"Let's take a look around the groceries first. Let me know if there will be something to your taste."


Because she made a withdrawal at the bank in front of the station, her purse is suitably flush today.


"Are you sure? Then pray teach me what is your fancy, Fuyuka-san. Before anything else, there is a lunch!"
"No, let's have _bento_ for the lunch."
"Eh? why so!?"
"It's time-consuming, and we must take it easy at lunch. That's why we will rather focus on dinner."
"H, haa... Well, if that's alright with you. Then what would you fancy  for dinner?"
"Umm—, it was quite abrupt, difficult to decide—. Oh, if so, prepare the one you are most confident about."
"Most confident... Umm—, understood! Then  pray leave it to me today!"


Stated _kimono_ girl, sprinting off.


"Hey, wait! Do you know the spot!? Hey—!"


Fuyuka realised how long it has been since she last spent her time shopping, nevertheless she felt strangely fulfilled. Albeit as they made all sorts of purchase, their luggage resulted bulky, and the way home had been woeful​ for both of them.


It was evening of such hectic day.


"Uwow, seriously..."


Fuyuka's voice naturally brimmed with astonishment as the crowd of dishes of Japanese cuisine were laid out on front of her.


"Fu-fu, how is it! I had a lengthy training, and the flavour is guaranteed!"
"Mmm, these are sure look tasty..."


Seasonings here must be different from the place where Ohana used to dwell, however she handles it very smoothly, or perhaps she was good at it outset.
The main course was boiled fish, which was novel sight for Fuyuka, who subsists on _bento_ with meat or deep-fried products.


"Come, come, let us eat!"
"Ah, oh, rice with _miso_ soup, fish with cold _tofu_... It looks to me like set meal restaurant."


Fuyuka could not but admire. The air filled a pleasant scent, and for the first time in a long while, she was feeling genuine hunger.


"Th, then, I'll help myself..."
"Kindly, kindly!"


Fuyuka inserts her chopsticks into the fish stew timidly, and lifts its piece up to the lips. Tender flesh of the fish melted within her mouth, delicious flavour spread slowly but steadily. Unconsciously, she placed the rice, which she had not cooked in ages, in to her mouth as well, leisurely savouring it.


"S, so good..."
"Delicious, is it not! Pray eat more! There is second helping of rice, too!"
"Th, thank you for the meal~~."


In the meantime, Fuyuka's stomach was perfectly seized by her wife Ohana.

---

As usually thank you for all of your bookmarks, ratings, impressions, and typo reports!

Thank you very much for sticking with me through the completion of the first chapter!
