---
layout: post
date: 2021-06-11 06:16:26 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-09-08 04:13:45 +0000
title: "Section 14. Difference in Common Sense."
author: sakkamade
categories:
 - The Marriage of the Vixen-chan
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note:
chapter-link: https://ncode.syosetu.com/n1514fx/14/
chapter-type:
 - Chapter 2.
excerpt_separator: '<!--excerpt-->'
---
Before anything else, Fuyuka intended to ensure her companion with clothes.

According to Ohana, these traditional Japanese garments are the articles formed against some sort of spiritual energy. "So you say, but it's like being naked, eh," Fuyuka concluded: Supposing something goes wrong and the energy runs out...
<!--excerpt-->

"In other words, this is spiritual energy itself, I understand? I mean, if it runs out, you would remain with no clothes."
"I would indeed. However, I have no need in employing so much energy here, it  should be alright."
"No, no, no, even so it's no-go. Besides, you only have a _kimono_, right?"


Upon question, Ohana replied with nod:


"I suppose I have. I have but white _kimono_ for <!--going-out-business--> outings and one for sleeping. I am afraid I cannot produce a wide variety of them."
"I don't really understand the principle, and I'm not going to press upon it, but Ohana, your clothes are truly stand out, anyhow."
"Is it?"


In this age when diversity is acknowledged, there is no want in people who spends their time for traditional Japanese garments. Even in Tokyo therein people of various fashions may be spotted walking about certain locations, neither she wish to repudiate Ohana's attire.
Nonetheless, it was appearance of Ohana that Fuyuka has been anxious about. Even assuming that she aged past one hundred years as she declared, the appearance which she bear is not past child's.
The _kimono_ makes her but eerily conspicuous, and places her in the risk of being eyed by deviants. Although the place of Fuyuka's situation is pretty much peaceful area, that is not unconditional.


"So, first of all, let's buy clothes to wear outside."


Naturally,  purchase anything cheap at clothing section of supermarket in front of the station was not her intention, on the contrary, she determined on visiting apparel store near the station. Streets about there are crowded on either weekdays or holidays. Ohana, who seemed to curiously marvel such sight, was addressed to by Fuyuka.


"You won't be riding the train yourself, will you?"
"Train... That huge conveyance? I believe I will not, unless necessary."
"Don't do it yet, okay? Who knows where you may end up."


It might be inelaborate in rural areas, however it is considerably baffling if one is  stranger to railway network in Tokyo. Without knowledge, it would be to no wonder for Ohana to find herself in different prefecture.
Deciding to save trains and riding directions for another time, just like that Fuyuka and Ohana arrived at the target store.


"Welcome to our shop—!"


This shop is a female-oriented apparel store with handsome prices and a good quality pieces. What is but Fuyuka's subjective observation, therefore the accuracy of it being left unclear. At any rate, it might be stated with confidence that this one is her favourite.
Although she was too occupied with work these days to pay here a visit.


"_Ara_, it's been a while—! Looking for something particular today?"


The clerk, however, was an exemplar shopkeeper. Fuyuka was greeted by  quickly emerged clerk, and somehow was a little pleased that she recalled her. She was not sure if the other truly remember, and she was not desperate for indiscreetly ascertain it, however could not but feel that that was a place she belonged in, and did not feel bad about it either way.<!--changed-->


... Such is the nature of business.<!--???-->


"Um, it's not for me today, I'm looking for outfit that would fit this girl..."


Not before these words were spoken, clerk shifted her attention to Ohana, sweetly smiling.


"_Ara_, hello there! Are you her younger sister perhaps—?"


At a smile from the clerk, "Ahem," throwing her chest out, Ohana answers confidently:


"I am not! I am her wai-mhm—!"


Fuyuka, however, reading spirited attempt for remarking something outrageous, hurriedly covered Ohana's lips.


"She—! she is a child of relative of mine, from the countryside! She seems to always wear _kimono_, and I wanted her to have a chance to try ordinary clothes as well!"
"Mhmmh——!"
"O-oh, well, I see—... Th-then should I prepare few items, if you like? I'd have to take her measurements, though."
"Y-yes please—!"


The clerk was somewhat taken aback, but Fuyuka arrived at decision to entrust it to her. She has no confidence in selecting clothes which would fit Ohana: One ought to rely upon expert in such matters. As they say, "With _mochi_  trust _mochi_ shop."[^1]<!--???-->


"Now then, I'll be with you in a moment—."


Seeing the clerk cheerfully leave after taking her measurements, Ohana, whose lips were covered earlier, dispatched Fuyuka a protesting stare.


"What are you doing all of a sudden—...?"
"I-I'm sorry. But, what were you going to say if I didn't do anything?"
"Of course I wished to affirm that I am your wife. For I am, am I?"


Hearing it, Fuyuka sighed.


"Look, this is my fault for not discussing it, but let's keep the relationship between you and I secret for now."
"Eh? Why so...?"


Catching these words, Ohana's countenance clouded gloominess. For Fuyuka, she considered that she spoken most reasonable request, however, witnessing girl's dispirited visage, the sense of guilt set in.


"No, it's not that I'm rejecting you, but... since we aren't exactly in a normal relationship, it would be bothersome if people sent us weird looks."


Thinking about it soberly, when a girl like Ohana say so, others might merely smile off the words of a child from their perspectives, however in spur of a moment Fuyuka could not spare a thought for that.


"Hence, let's just pretend to be relatives presently. This is necessary to avoid unwanted misunderstandings."
"If it's necessary, alright... However, I fail to come upon necessity in hiding it."
"... I'll explain it thoroughly as we return home."


Whether the same sex or not, in no way did it seem to matter to Ohana. There was plain difference between Fuyuka and Ohana's common sense.


"Sorry to keep you waiting! I've chosen few pieces for you... Let's try them on, shall we?"
"Yes, please. Well then, good luck, Ohana."
"Eh?"
"Ha! I see! Please leave it to me!"


Fuyuka knew, they have a long path before them from here. She was also a victim, regardless.<!--???-->


"A-and... where do I...?"
"This way, the fitting room. Leave everything to onee-chan—♪"


It surely will take some time. Making the most of it, Fuyuka likewise had a look at some clothes for the first time after so long. As a result of leading the life of mere suits and loungewear, it felt terribly refreshing.
Whilst spending her time in such way, she heard a voices coming from behind her.


"Um, this is embarrassing..."
"It's okay—. You look absolutely adorable—!"


Likely they were to show up after finishing dressing. Just as one would expect from apparel clerk, she appears to already lead intimate conversation with Ohana.<!--???-->


"Ah, Fuyuka-san... Erm, how is it?"
"Ooh—."


She voiced her impression when she saw Ohana who revealed herself in front of her.
The outfit was a simple maxi one-peace. It was of white underlying tone with black strips. It exquisitely matched young Ohana.


"Amazing. You give off a different feeling altogether."
"Even though it's springtime, it can still be chilly, so I tried to keep her legs covered! How is it?"


"Wonderful," she thought, nodding at the clerk's words.


"Well, we take this one."
"Thank you! Though I prepared much more..."


_Flick_, Ohana twitched. It was definitely not a welcoming gesture, but, if she were to pick, the one of reluctance.
However sadly it was, solitary dress is not sufficient in current circumstances.


"Let us try everything you have."
"Fuyuka-san!?"


Within her heart, Fuyuka sincerely apologised to Ohana, who has been nigh upon becoming a dress-up doll; somewhere in the nook of her mind, however, there was curiosity, too, to see various sorts of Ohana.


Shopping ensued thereafter, and by the time they were through, Fuyuka had to see an uncommon view of utterly exhausted Ohana.

---

Thank you for all your bookmarks, ratings, impressions, and typo reports!

[^1]: [餅は餅屋] - "Best _mochi_ are at _mochi_ store" (this is by no means perfect translation);
