---
layout: post
date: 2021-09-24 04:46:31 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-09-24 05:39:06 +0000
title: "Section 22. Ohana's Everyday (Part 2)."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - The Marriage of the Vixen-chan
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: "It's been nearly two month. Whoa... <br> What I was doing? <br> My plans were to catch up with all the things I have been eager to read over the past year, and to secure some confidence in English side by reading some actual English fiction by it... (I am doing it constantly, but thought it is as well to employ slightly more time to it.) <br> Thus, I remained absorbed in reading which is of no practical help me with English whatsoever, since I read but manga and did not even start the books which I wanted, although spiritually the help was irreplaceable still. <br> Well, having succeed at neither, I guess I has been my last such an attempt. <br> <br> Now that my heart is contained (?), I hope the time to resume my doing has finally come. <br> <br> P.S. However! throughout all this time I have made plentiful grammar corrections. Surprisingly so. <br> Yes, this is my attempt to console myself..."
chapter-link: https://ncode.syosetu.com/n1514fx/22/
chapter-type:
 - Chapter 3.
---
_Beep-beep-beep-beep_, the alarm clock rang out across the room. The sound, although not particularly loud one, is a high-pitched, and Ohana's ears jerked to it.


"Nm-umm..."


Rising herself heavily, she confirmed the time. It was precisely five in the afternoon, as planned, and now the time has come when she supposed to begin preparation of a simple dishes.


That is what she supposed, however, being that she settled to have _somen_ and _tempura_ today, it should not take that long. She cook some rice, but not a large portion, as there are times when Fuyuka choose to eat and times when she does not, depending on her mood. When she does not, it would be made into chilled rice to be used for tomorrow's meal.


"What time will she return today..."


Recently, Fuyuka took a habit of coming home early. With that said, early is still but at about eight o'clock; however, apparently, she is purposefully struggle to get home sooner.


_"I feel a little bad to keep you waiting, Ohana, that's all. Besides, I've always known that there was something weird about it."_


Replied Fuyuka to Ohana's inquire. As for Ohana, she judged "Rather than her making her return late at night from extended workday, so is much preferable for her health, and for her spirit, too."
It should have been best if she could return another hour earlier, about seven; the girl did not voice her thought, however, for she realise that that was impossible.


"Vegetables, _maitake_ mushrooms, then chicken tender, and..."


Ohana laid out the ingredients for _tempura_. Vegetables were lightly boiled in order for them to be crispy, and then, after adding _tempura_ flour and batter, it should be ready before long.<!--changed--> No particular preparation was necessary for _somen_ noodles and sauce to it, because they were bought at the store, but the time passed, and it was almost seven before she knew it.


"_Yosh_, we are all good for now!"


Preliminary preparation is over. All that remain is to await Fuyuka's homecoming. A sultry heat keep itself even at evenings these days, and bathing is the first thing lady does as she comes home. "In the meanwhile, I shall doubtless manage to complete _tempura_," concluded Ohana.
However even so, she had as yet some time to spare. Making a bath ready is also too early if it is planned for eight, and with this she presently has nothing to engage herself in.


"...Umm—, let's see what is on TV."


Not having a task to turn a hand to is rather distressing for Ohana. With no choice but to enjoy the TV, she decided to watch the news on the appropriate channel she had chosen.
According to news, the summer is expected to be noticeably hotter than average, and Tokyo will be exposed to many humid, sweltering days. Ohana is not fond of hot weather, for her tail and ears feel sticky when it is stuffy. She frowned, "Oh no—..." as she watched the news.


The news program have taken a topic of how to spend hot days and how to stay cool. She proceed to watch it blankly to see whether there be something she could make use of.<!--changed-->


As a result, Ohana was completely oblivious to this; to this sound of someone ascending the stairs of the apartment.


"Eh?"


_Clank,_ the noise of a front door unlocking made Ohana's gaze shift from television...


"I'm back—. Huff—, it's too hot... This is crazy for July."
"Eeh!?"


She gave a cry of surprise as she saw the person who emerged from there. Obviously, it is Fuyuka, who had just returned from work.
It was too unexpected an hour, and by no means was it due to Ohana losing track of time watching television. It has been half past seven. So far that is the earliest time she had gotten home.


"W-welcome home! You are back early today!"
"Well,<!--Nah--> I just asked the director whether I can go home, since I was done. Is everything all right, Ohana?"<!--Did "nothing" happen--><!--changed-->
"Yes, everything is just fine today as well...<!-- nothing special happened today--> Oh, but I do apologise, I didn't dream you would come at so early an hour today, and the bath is not yet ready..."


Fuyuka seemed neither discouraged nor discontented by hearing it; however, "Indeed, I need some way to contact you—," she did bear the appearance of being troubled about something.


"Mm... Pray accept my apologies. Even though it is such hot weather..."
"No, no, I'm also in the wrong for not saying anything, and besides, it is nice to take a shower once in a while. That's how it used to be before, anyhow."


Ohana bowed her head once again. She is a person of character who fundamentally adheres to principle of dedication in her doings, and takes this kind of mistakes to her heart. Fuyuka forced a smile and patted her on the head.


"Honestly, never you mind it. I'm more excited about dinner."
"Y-yes; today we are having _somen_ and _tempura_... But how do feel about rice?"
"Hmm—, I guess I'll eat it. I've been hungry a lot lately."
"Understood! In which case I shall get it ready for you, whereas you may kindly come and have a bath."
"Uh-huh, thanks."


The distance between the pair has not altered all that much over the past three months. However, the fact of their unquestionable sharing a pastime has quite naturally thinned the wall between them.
The best evidence of this serves the fact that Fuyuka, who had her guard up around Ohana at first, carefully choosing her words, has adopted considerably  relaxed an attitude, being drawn to devotion offered by Ohana.


And so their first summer together made its opening.
Whilst Fuyuka was taking a shower, Ohana was frying _tempura_ and vacantly contemplating about the seasons to come.

---

Thank you for all your bookmarks, ratings, impressions and typo reports!
Thanks for all your support!
