---
layout: post
date: 2020-12-17 06:32:07 +0300
updated: 2020-12-22 11:31:43 +0300
title: "Episode 4. For Exploration."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/4852201425154961433
---


Lydia was watching Yuuyami installing solar panels upon the ground.
When Yuuyami's work will be completed, it should be possible to generate electricity by utilisation a sunlight.<!-- more -->


"Really, no matter how many times I see it," says Lydia. "There is nothing in this world."


Already a several times Lydia has been pulled out by Yuuyami upon the surface of the world. In favour to experience things such as blue or cloudy sky, the rain.


<p markdown="1">"Indeed."</p>
[^5]: similar to seiza, [Seiza - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seiza) (AS IF);

Absorbed in her work, Yuuyami didn't look at Lydia.
At the spot, Lydia began to turn round and round whereas gazing toward cardinal compass points. Even so, regardless of number of times she would look, this world has nothing but a horizon.
Being that originally the place appeared to be an urban district, is no mountains or valleys locate here.
According to the words of Yuuyami, this place used to be crowded with a large number of buildings. At present however, not a vestiges are remain. Complete nothingness. Just a neglected land spreads endlessly.
But in another month snow shall fall again and the world would be dyed silver.
_Whew_, at finishing installation of the panels Yuuyami imitated a breath out. Being that Yuuyami doesn't need to breathe, she haven't actually exhaled.
Finding the fact mysterious, Lydia asked  about that afore. "Why did you breathing out?"
Upon which Yuuyami gave a reply: "Is is incorporated in me onset, clearly an unnecessary action. Probably being that humans chased the path of making Autodoll more humane."
*Slump*, Lydia flops down the ground, pounding her knees. <!-- petan -->
Then, pointed her gaze at Yuuyami, who was operating a tablet.


"Now Lydia, one project is finalised."


Yuuyami showed a tablet to Lydia.
Lydia carefully inspected the screen, and hasn't notice no error code. System is all green. Perfect. 


"Wah―, well done!"


Lydia clapped her hands whereas setting afloat a smile.


"Thank you very much."


Yuuyami smiles and slightly bows.
Yuuyami every day laboriously been reproducing the parts necessary for solar system with a simple Parts Maker, and likewise unflaggingly constructed it every day.
The simple Parts Maker is a modified  version of simple Food Maker. This device permits to output the parts instead of food.
There are four simple Food Makers in the library, two of which have afore been remodelled into different Makers.
A simple Parts Maker and simple Dress Maker.
The latter is a device that re-emerge clothes and accessories, clothes that wears Lydia also reproduced by a simple Dress Maker.
Lydia likes western-styled clothes and re-emerging a massive quantity of them.
To the extent that on one occasion Yuuyami warned: "Library will be buried with Lydia's clothes. Please do not reproduce beyond necessity."
Currently Lydia was wearing a snow-white coat.
However under the coat is black cardigan whereunder​ a white blouse. Then she was wearing a wine-coloured poodle skirt.[^2] Black tights serves a protection against the cold for legs and finally a snow boots. 
Lydia was looking forward to wearing different clothes and standing before the dresser every day.


<p markdown="1">"I was able to accomplish it as planned. Thanks for your assistance."</p>
[^2]: a circle skirt, [Poodle skirt - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poodle_skirt);

Yuuyami garments as ever a maid outfit. Yuuyami have no interest in fashion and hold plenty of identically designed maid outfits.
Yuuyami doesn't alter her garments whether it's summer or winter. It never changes either in hot or cold.


"Not at all. Seems as though we can generate a lot of electricity today."


Stated Lydia, turning her gaze up at the sky.
Today is sunny. Azure sky and  white clouds.
To think that it were of same colour before the world has perished felt somewhat weird.


"Now," says Yuuyami. "I guess with a spring I shall renew the world's exploration. Would you like to accompany me?"
"Of course!"


Lydia gave an immediate reply with a smiling face.


"Yes. Well th..."
"Let's begin from place where Yuuyami found me!"


Excitedly, during vigorously waving her arms, Lydia suggested so.


"Yes. That shall be good, howe..."
"Er, before anything else, is here a vehicle? Ah, was Yuuyami always walking? I want to ride a motorcycle-!"
"Yes. I walked, yes. There..."
"Ah, can I design the motorcycle?"
"Yes. Of course, no problem. but before tha..."
"I'm looking forward to it-" _hehehe_, Lydia laughs. "Still, it would be lonely if the wilderness last all the time, right?"
"Lydia. Please let me speak."
"Mm? What?"


Lydia bent her neck.
The appearance was lovely, Yuuyami lightly smiled.


"In case if by any chance we would encounter a hostile existence I believe we bound to have a weapon, can you choose which you would use?"
"Weapon?"
"Yes. I have a list of classified items that Lydia could handle."


Yuuyami operates the tablet.


"Eh? I disagree?"
"Disagree?"


Yuuyami takes her eyes off the tablet and shifts her sight upon Lydia.


"Uh-huh."
"Disagree, to select?"
"Nuh-uh," Lydia shakes her head. "Not that. I don't wish to have a weapon, you know?"
"Why?"
"Because I think it's a tool to hurt the life? I disagree. Nobody will hurt no one, right?"


At Lydia's words, Yuuyami showed a thoughtful gesture.
And then, exactly three seconds later, Yuuyami nodded.


"Well then, please forget a weapon subject. Instead of it, could you wear the clothes that shall be designed by me?"
"Eeh―?"
"I shall prepare clothes with a high defensive power. Please wear it. Otherwise I cannot take you with me."
"Why are you so mean-?"


Lydia distorts her facial expression.
Yuuyami felt a stinging ache in her heart.


"I am not mean, this is to protect you from danger."


Lydia safety however, must be ensured.


"Maybe there is no danger."
"There may be. This is something you aren't know until you keep successive exploration. Lydia, I am merely do not wish you to get hurt. Lydia is important. Consequently, please, I beg of you."
"Uuh... Understood-," Lydia gave in. "But make it cute?"
"Yes. I shall do my best."
"Then, I'll decide the specifications for motorcycle."


Lydia turned  her tablet on.


"Motorcycle..," repeats Yuuyami. "At the primordial days they relied on petroleum fuel, afterwards upon batteries. Whereafter ultimately the Power Cell became a source of power for vehicles. These were unusually inefficient vehicles with a small load capacity, however gained a high public favour. Of male humans particularly."
"Even though I'm female, I want to ride a motorbike."
"I agree. I would also wish to drive a motorcycle."
"Eh? I'm the one who will drive it, though?"
"I wish to drive it as well."
"Then let's do it in turns?"
"Understood. We shall drive in turns."
"Well then, I'll make a specification."
"If so, I shall build a driving subroutine."


Yuuyami stood up and returns inside the library.
Being that a weather is nice, Lydia decides to work outside, where she was.
Let's make an off-road motorbike, determined Lydia. It looks stylish.
Besides, there is no proper roads in this world.


<p>&nbsp;</p>
◇
<p>&nbsp;</p>


_Whump_, Lydia lied upon the ground. Being that she mulled over specifications of motorbike for two hours, was a little worn-out at present, so she took a brief break.
The ground is neither soft nor gentle. When girl took a deep breath, she smelled a scent of dry soil. Air inside the library is much clearer, however scent of the soil wasn't bad either.
As she watched a flow of white clouds, Lydia took a thought regarding the bike.
Body can be a typical body of the off-road bike. She has no intention strangely overdecorate it.
The overall length, width, and height should be as small as possible, so that even a petite Lydia shall be able to handle it. The seat height also planned to match Lydia. In terms of the weight as well, Lydia wishing to do her best in order to make it so light as possible.
An Autogyro system[^3] also should be of use, to have its self-reliance​​. Motor with an output of twenty three kilowatt is sufficient. Approximate maximum speed expected to be around one hundred thirty kilometres per hour.
Because Lydia decided that a maximum possible speed at which she would drive bound to be that much. She have verified some videos of an archaic motorbike races, with that being the case a big mistake shouldn't take a place.
Haa, Lydia let out a small sigh.


<p markdown="1">"This isn't a rest at all."</p>
[^3]: simply - a gyroscope;

The sky is high and calm. The season is winter.
If you'd leave the library like this, you surely can  feel a season.
Lydia recalled a snowball fight and filled with a pleasant emotions.
Whereafter she thought of Yuuyami.
Of her lovable Yuuyami. Albeit she is different species of the girl, but is awfully tender. Her only friend.
Even so, at times she envied Yuuyami.
Lydia considered Yuuyami as almost flawless. Neither in chess, Shogi[^4] nor Othello, girl could never win, even at pace of increasing her knowledge, she couldn't gain a victory over Yuuyami.
With a mere strength she can't win either, and occasionally that helplessness made her feel miserable. Also, she feel resentful toward human imperfections.
Surely, Yuuyami will make a flawless driving subroutine as well. For some reason, girl felt as though she doesn't want to lose.
However wasn't sure as for what exactly she doesn't want to lose.


<p markdown="1">"Are we, really equal-?"</p>
[^4]: [Shogi] - Japanese chess;

Lydia has nothing she can overcome Yuuyami with.
What it would be like, at the end of human evolution, wondered Lydia.
Would humans be an amazing life-forms that are far beyond Yuuyami?


"U―m," Lydia humming. "Seems to be impossible-"


Lydia lightly rolls upon the ground. Without a deep meaning. For some reason​ she just did that. However, the rolling movement gave Lydia a flash of inspiration.
"Yes, let's build a garage. It should definitely be here."
Lydia able to excel​ Yuuyami in such sudden flashes. The phenomenon of flash inspiration doesn't occur to Yuuyami in the first place.
Lydia was happy to remember her strong point. Humans couldn't be thrown away yet.
Girl considered to build the garage of a scarlet​ hue.
Incidentally, colour of motorbike decided to be black. Since it is a colour of her lovable Yuuyami. If it would have same colour as Yuuyami, girl would surely cherish the motorcycle.
Lydia determined to make a garage specification without a delay.


<p>&nbsp;</p>
◇
<p>&nbsp;</p>


There is a limit to dimensions of the parts which can be re-emerged with a simple Parts Maker.
Therefore for constructing the garage should be reproduced a large number of components. Lydia was being on the verge of tears​ during assembling it all by herself.
Firstly she inputs a blueprints to the simple Parts Maker. Next she re-emerge necessary parts. And carried these components outside.
Planned construction site of the garage right next to the library entrance.
After carrying parts of certain extent, girl assembled them in order from the outer wall. And a repetition.
Three days have passed, Lydia stopped reaching the top of construction. So she ought to build scaffolding. Thereupon, Lydia was about to cry once again.
Even though in computer garage was easily completed. She believed it would be reflected in reality without any particular hardship. It was a great mistake.
Whereas Lydia recognised it at the first day, she didn't wish to draw back since then. Consequently, she tried so hard, but can't keep it on any more. She had no willpower. She wanted to cast from everything​.


"Would you like my assistance?"


Right upon completing a driving subroutine, Yuuyami asked that.
However Lydia refused. Inasmuch as it felt similar to losing, she didn't like it.


"Is that so..."


Yuuyami launch an awfully sad expression off her face. Even on the brink of smashing the Earth no life-form had such sorrowful​ visage.
Lydia was struck by an intense feeling of guilt and self-loathing.
With a trudge, Yuuyami turned upon her heels and walked away. The appearance made Lydia feel painful to breath.


"Wait! Wait, Yuuyami! Assist me after all!"


Lydia let out a shriek-ish scream.
Yuuyami completely ceased at the spot and turned toward Lydia. A smile was floating on her visage.
Watching the expression, Lydia suddenly understood how adorable Yuuyami was. Accordingly, she ran to Yuuyami and embraced​ her.


"Excuse me Yuuyami, I've burned with a feelings of rivalry to you."
"Rivalry?"


Yuuyami gently hugged Lydia.


"Yes. Somehow, I feel as though we aren't equal..."
"More specifically."
"I consider myself to be inferior to Yuuyami."
"Such thing can't be. I should have given you certificate. Lydia and me are equal existence."
"But."
"You do not believe me?"


Upon these words Lydia realised.
To think of herself as an inferior species means to disbelieve a certificate which Yuuyami gave her.
Lydia shook her head before Yuuyami's chest.


"Believe. I'm vastly believe. Sorry for saying something so strange, sorry."
"It's okay. Humans could get to feel insecure at times. It's alright."


Yuuyami gently brushed Lydia's head.


"I love you, Yuuyami," said Lydia,
"Me also, Lydia," Yuuyami showed a gentle smile.