---
layout: post
date: 2020-12-15 05:21:12 +0300
updated: 2020-12-21 04:36:46 +0300
title: "Episode 1. Nameless Pair."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
 - yuri
main-title: "Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World <br>by Hazuki Sou"
note: Hello. It is re-edited version of my previous translation. However even so, grammar, punctuation, sentence construction, accuracy of translation and so forth is a complete mess. If you fine with it, I hope you’ll enjoy. You can read description <a href="https://sakkamade.github.io/categories/autodoll-dreams-in-a-decaying-world">here</a>.
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/4852201425154961404
---
[^1]: I named her _lady_, however in Japanese she referred with a specific word - [Konojo] which translates as *she*, while the girl - [Shoujo] - *girl*;


When girl woke up, she was blank.
She couldn't grasp neither who nor where she was.
Despite that, she was feeling calm.
Gradually, girl begin to perceive the surroundings.
This place is bright, the air clean and ceiling high.
A chandelier hangs down the ceiling. It's glitters lovely, thought the girl.<!-- more -->
For three seconds little girl gazed upon chandelier. Nevertheless, no signs of changes have appeared.
After girl took a deep breath, she rose her upper body. She tightly gripping and rapidly open​ both of the hands. Moved up and down each of her leg, in order.
Uh-huh, girl nodded. Body is functioning properly.
_Whew_, girl stroked her chest in relieve, at the same time​, "Good morning," girl heard a feminine  voice. 
Girl was frightened, she thought her heart would stop. Thus, she pressed upon her own chest to reassure - good, it haven't stopped.
Girl merely moved a head to point her gaze in direction of the voice.
Beside the girl was sitting lady[^1]. She seemed to be completely as though a sculpture or doll, not a living existence.
By her appearance, she looked like a seventeen or eighteen year old Japanese lady. A charming long black hair, forelock cut in a straight line.
Her constitution is average. However the clothes she wearing is a little eccentric. That is a modest maid outfit. Skirt is awfully long, it covered most of the legs.
Her lineaments are delicate  and fair. Each part was flawless​, so was and overall harmony. Being that the lady is so beautiful, girl felt a little awkward.
<!-- more -->

"Good morning."


Said lady in a very fluent Japanese. A pleasant velvet voice. Girl had a feeling, to recite a poem​ would suit her.


"My voice is normal, hence if it doesn't get transmitted most probable is an abnormality of your hearing sensor. Is a lip reading available?"


Lady has not even change her facial expression, just indifferently said so. Since it was so impersonal, for a moment girl didn't notice that it was a question.
Two seconds later girl recognised a question and answered aloud: "I hear."
Voice of the girl is not a velvet like lady's, but immature, undeveloped one. Girl didn't grieve about it, just a little disappointed.
  

"Is that so. Then, what about name?"
"Your?"
"No, yours."
"Mine?"
"That's right."


U―m, girl hummed. However no matter how much she dived into the sea of her ​​memories, she couldn't imagine the past self. She hummed for a while, nonetheless couldn't recollect anything.


"I don't know."


Girl shrugged her miniature shoulders.


"I see. A memory disorder? Shall we perform an examination?"
"Examination?"
"Yes. I'm not a medical type, however I guess I can handle it with a reference to the database."


Girl slightly tilted her head.
Lady also inclined her head similarly.


"Who are, you?"
"I am a fourth generation of AD. The LM series, type Ⅱ."


Girl tilted her head to the other side. Her hair ran down the cheek.
Hair of little girl is bright blonde and wavy-ish.


"My hair, it's sparkling."


The luminance of the room could be seen through girl's hair.


"Yes. I find it very pretty."


Lady launch a smile.
What a gentle smile, thought the girl.


"Hey-, what is AD-?"
"AD is an abbreviation for Autodoll. Do you know what Autodoll is?"
"Don't really kn..." Upon the moment girl said that, something flashed through her mind. "...ow. I know, probably."


It wasn't a piece of memory however. As a knowledge, girl was aware of an Autodoll. Although it is unknown, has a girl ever been involved with Autodoll.


"I see," lady nodded.
"Generic name​ of an expensive robots, isn't it?"
"Correct. For more details, it should be good to review the database later."
"You are robot, right?"
"Yes, I am. However I possess a consciousness."
"Consciousness? Not a will?"
"Right. Nothing but consciousness dwell in myself. I am an intelligent life-form."
"Is that how it is."


Girl easily accepted her words. According to knowledge of the girl, robots aren't conscious. Despite that, girl believed lady was, since she asserts to be.


"Am I an AD either?"
"No. You are species that called a human."
"How is it different?"


Girl had no knowledge of humanity.


"Regarding that, it should be also good to review the database later, for more details. Now, I shall just say that a body components are different."


The girl looked down at her own body and then examined lady. She observed it for a several seconds, and it didn't seem to have much of difference.


"The outward appearance is not so different. Being that we, AD, are designed for humankind. However the internal parts completely different."
"Is that how it is."
"Yes. But we shall return to the previous subject, do you want to perform an examination?"


Girl shook her head sideways.


"Is it a refusal gesture?"
"It's not a strong refusal, you know," girl smiled. "It's just wouldn't make a difference, I feel."
"So, you don't have to?"
"Uh-huh. Because it's not important."
"What is not?"
"The recollection."
"Your action log is not important?"
"Uh-huh. It's meaningless to me."
"Why is it meaningless?"
"I wonder, sensuously I'm fine, it seems."
"Yes. So?"
"Er, perhaps I didn't have any remembrance...​ originally."
"I consider it is unlikely. By eye, your age is from twelve to fourteen years old. In other words, you should have been operating for this period."
"U―m."


Lady also has a point, thought the girl. However she didn't feel necessity to forcefully awake her memory.
At this moment girl is born anew. That's fine.
Name will be chosen from now on, the memories will be made from here on. There was no particular inconvenience.


"However I shan't force you."
"I see. Then don't worry about it."
"Understood. Well then, we shall not worry about it," lady quickly yield to​ the girl. "Instead, please, let me perform a regular health check. Just in case."
"Alright. Please be gentle, okay?"
"Yes. I shall be careful."


Then a silence fell for a moment while they gazed upon each other.


"Err," Girl says apologetically. "Are we going to do it right now?"
"No. I am not in hurry."
"Is that how it is."
"Yes, so it is. I have plenty of time."
"If you have a time, then describe mine appearance?"
"Alright. By eye, you're half Caucasian and half Mongoloid race, I guess. Skin is so white that it reminiscent me of a snowscape."
"Snowscape?"


Although girl knows what the snow is, she couldn't imagine appearance of it.


"I'm trying to convey,  it's beauteous."


Complimented by lady, girl's cheeks dyed.


"I shall continue," says Lady. "Your height approximately one hundred fifty-two centimetres. Body weight is about thirty nine kilogram. Although it's below average, since you have just awakened from suspended animation, I guess it's possible to assert as healthy."
"Wait a minute."
"Alright."
"How do you able to figure out my weight by an eye measurement?"
"Aah." Lady nods.
"That's because I was holding you in my arms." Lady showed a gesture of holding a luggage in both arms. "Since I carried you here."
"Is that so," girl nods. "Where did you bring me from?"
"It was about forty-four kilometres north from here. I rescued you, being that you lost consciousness."
"And what happened forty-four kilometres away from here?"


Girl is aware of kilometre unit. She do not know concrete, yet she believed it was a long distance.


"To me? Or to you?"
"Each."
"You have lost your consciousness."
"I heard that just now, you know. Why did I fainted?"
"I reached the conclusion you was debilitated, since after awakening from suspended animation you moved around without nutritions. Given that I provided a necessary treatment, right now you are not in a weakened state."
"I see. Thank you for your help."
"Ethics subroutine is functioning properly, so that was natural of me, to help you."
"Hmm," says the girl. "So what was you doing there?"
"An exploration. I'm successively exploring the surface around here. With intention of discovering something novel."
"Something like myself?"
"That is right. It was the first time I have ran across a life-form other than myself since I began exploring."
"There's no other life-forms?"
"Not within a radius of forty kilometres. If I would explore further, I might encounter life-forms again. However, I doubt there is many."
"Why?"
"Because the world was perished."
"Why was it perished?"
"I don't know. I am LM series... Abbreviation for Library Management series."
"Uh-huh," girl listened.
"So my occupation is to manage this library."
"Is this, a library?"


Girl looks around.
Certainly, numerous computer terminals are lined up, plenty of bookcases can be found alongside.
A scenery matched appearance of the general library which girl had in her mind. However she didn't remember actually visiting a library.


"Yes. This is an underground library. It is build so solid that it can also act as a shelter in case of emergency."
"Hmm."
"I shall continue," says lady. "Upon that day I was cleaning the library, as usual. Before opening. Having done that, an impact took a place, and the external power supply has cut off. Since it never restored, I switched to private power generator, and after that, when I verified outside, the world was destroyed."
"Does that mean you are still using a private power generator?"
"Yes. I guess it would endure for another twenty years. However, just in case, I'm additionally working upon solar panel installation project."
"Really?"
"To conclude this, reason as for why the world was perished remains unclear."
"I see. Well, it's ruined, so it can't be helped."


Girl shrugged her shoulders.
For a girl, world didn't exist from the beginning. Whether it has been perished or prospered, she do not remember anything.
Therefore, it doesn't matter which one. No reason to grieve or rejoice.


"May I change a subject?" Asks lady.
"It's okay. Change it as much as you like," answers the girl.
"Alright. Would you like to become friends with me?"