---
layout: post
date: 2020-12-18 05:51:47 +0300
updated: 
title: "Episode 6. Commencement of Exploration."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
 - yuri
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054880203252
---
Together with Yuuyami, Lydia demounted burnt motor from the motorcycle.
After that, fatigued Lydia sat down and was dimly sitting for a while.
Diagonally before  Lydia sits Yuuyami.<!-- more -->


"Why― does it caught a fire-?"


Said Lydia letting out a sigh.


"Well, I guess the possibility always exists."


Indifferently answered Yuuyami.


"I'm shocked-. Even though my intention was to design it perfectly."
"You have succeeded to design a burning motor."
"Is this a joke? To comfort me?"
"No, I merely stated the fact."
"Right, but-..."


Lydia deeply sighs.


"But?"


Yuuyami inclined her head.


"I, wanted to build non-burning motor."
"You shall do it next time."
"That's right, but..."


Lydia replies indecisively.


"But?"


Yuuyami tilted her head again.


"Even though I believed I made it properly, it didn't work out, so I might be a little depressed."


After Lydia said that Yuuyami rises up.
And then moves over to Lydia, sitting down again right beside her.


"It will be alright."


Yuuyami gently brushed Lydia's head.


"What will be alright?"
"Everything, will."


Hands of Yuuyami,
voice of Yuuyami,
they are so gentle,
I don't understand well, but I'm sure it will be alright, thought Lydia.


<p>&nbsp;</p>
◇
<p>&nbsp;</p>
[^1]: rock, paper, scissors game; 

One month have passed since motor caught a fire.
Snow has vanished off the world, and dry ground reveal its visage​.
Lydia succeed to properly design non-burning motor, hence motorcycle was peacefully completed.
Weather is excellent today.
Therefore pair departed for their first collaborated exploration.
Lydia was driving a jet-black motorcycle, whereas Yuuyami sitting in tandem seat.
The reason is simple, since Lydia won in janken[^1] Lydia shall drive outbound leg.
Lydia was equipped with a leather-styled jacket and trousers which designed by Yuuyami. Of black colour each.
Not cute, however being it stylish, Lydia was exceedingly​ pleased with it.
According to Yuuyami's words, she make use of materials with extremely high defensive power.
Upon the moment Lydia saw herself in the mirror, she judged a way of her blond hangs down the black jacket was very beautiful. Gold and black, gold filaments swaying upon black background. Black colour of Yuuyami. Hence her hair, shining at black, appeared intolerably wonderful.
Apart from jacket and trousers, Lydia equipped in tawny​ leather-styled gloves and boots.
Also neck warmer and wool hat​ as protection against the cold weather. Either of which black as well.
And at last, Lydia also wears goggles. Latter inasmuch as she has difficulty to look ahead.
Yuuyami should wear a jacket either, mumbled Lydia.
Equipped with backpack Yuuyami has her changeless maid outfit.
Backpack contains medical kid, potable water, food and so forth​.
Well, let's leave clothes and equipment of Yuuyami aside― Lydia sends a glance at digital speedometer.
Eighty kilometres per hour.
Up to this point Lydia greatly enjoyed driving motorcycle. She was deliberately zigzagging, sliding a rear wheel.
Clinging to Lydia, Yuuyami also enjoyed it: "Please do it one more time."
She did all fascinating driving she could only come up with.
Yet, Lydia still hasn't tried -


"Yuuyami, let's attempt to challenge a top speed?"


verification of top speed with two people.


"Go ahead."


Upon hearing her reply, Lydia twists the throttle to its limit.
Motor does not start to burn even at fully opened throttle, that has been confirmed at chassis dynamometer.
*Kyu-i-i-i-n*, as soon as rotation noise of motor became louder, frame accelerates.
In the blink of eye number on digital speedometer impetuously went beyond​ one hundred kilometres per hour.
At this point the most of what  able to catch Lydia's ears a mere noise of the wind. Earmuffs are necessary, thought Lydia.
No, rather it would be better to have a helmet, concluded girl.
Embed it with communication facility and other handy features. Upon returning to library I need to create hi-tech helmet, decided Lydia.
Even with two people it easily reached  one hundred kilometres per hour, but from that point was somewhat lacking.
Current speed one hundred twenty, however it took a certain distance and time to reach such velocity.
Number on digital speedometer increasing little by little. At one hundred twenty-seven kilometres per hour increment stopped completely. Judging that being its top speed with two people, Lydia loosened throttle.
Whereafter reduced speed to sixty kilometres per hour.


"I felt as though being attacked by wind."


Lydia expresses impression of  top speed.


"Bring that Lydia was my shield, I haven't received such furious attack."
"I'm glad Yuuyami was safe."
"I'm glad Lydia was safe likewise."
"But that's different matter," whereas saying it, Lydia swims her gaze from left to right. "Seriously, there's nothing."


It's unlikely for an accident to occur even if she takes eyes off the road​. Since no objects to collide with, can be seen.
What is reflected in her view mere endless horizon. Nothing but that.
Condition of the road surface cannot be described as good, however thanks to assistance of Autogyro system it is  impossible to fall.


"Yes. I've been exploring thereabouts​, it was a complete nothingness."
"I wonder if direction is right-? I'm a little worried."


Would be better to have analogue compass installed, thought Lydia. Up until now with nothing around human sense of direction will grow imprecise.


"Slightly left."


However Yuuyami is different. Given that for her compass was built in onset, they won't get lost.


"Roger that."


As Yuuyami told, Lydia transfer the weight and pointed motorcycle slightly left.


"Would you like to launch a satellite and incorporate a navigation system?"
"That would be nice. Be it as new project."
"Yes. Let's do it."
"I was thinking."
"Yes. What is it?"
"Why don't we establish artificial intelligence into this motorbike and taking the opportunity give it a name as well?"
"That would be good. Me also shall be attached to it."
"New project then, huh."
"Projects have multiplied. Shall we append a degree of relative priority​ after returning to library?"
"Uh-huh. Right. How far is our destination?"
"About fifteen kilometres."
"Yo―sh, then let's speed it up!"


Without waiting for Yuuyami's reply Lydia opens the full throttle. Acceleration feels good.
Upon some point, Lydia came to be affected by illusion that wasn't herself but the world's acceleration took a place.
It's possibly correct in some sense, reckoned Lydia.
They say world is always running. And when you would realise it, you have already left plenty of life behind.
Lydia and Yuuyami were barely able to adapt to the pace of the world.
Upon digital speedometer showed a one hundred, Lydia maintained that velocity.
At one hundred kilometres per hour world felt slightly chilly.
But
feeling of Yuuyami behind was so warm that it didn't bother her in a slightest.


<p>&nbsp;</p>
◇
<p>&nbsp;</p>


A distant object ahead was caught by visual sensor of Yuuyami.
Yuuyami immediately zoomed in the object and applied its outline upon the recognition subroutine.
Whole operation took less than second. Since Yuuyami a little quicker than human physic, she able to see and recognise an object.
Yuuyami identified the object number one
Parasol. Pale sky-blue parasol, white stanchion. Rising upon neglected ground parasol was somewhat surreal.
Object number two.
Simple table and chair. White colour. Typical popularised item without a special value.
Object number three.
Girl sitting upon the chair. Either that, or little-girl type of an AD? It cannot be judged given a current distance.
Hair of the girl a pale pink, shoulder length. Clothes she wears a black Gothic Lolita outfit.
In her hand a tea cup, content indistinct​. In case of it being a beverage​, girl is human.
And finally the last object.
Standing beside girl a huge AD. Taking into account exposed silver metal skeletal structure, you could tell at glance it is an AD.


"Lydia, please stop."


Lydia brakes upon Yuuyami's demand.


"What's wrong?"


After motorcycle ceased completely, Lydia turned behind.


"Are you able to validate the object ahead?"
"Mm―?" Lydia points her gaze forward. "There is something-, only you can distinguish, you know?"
"Is that so."
"What is there?"
"Military AD."


Stated Yuuyami about the most perilous object.


"Military?"
"BD series, Type・Ohan."
"I don't understand, you know-."
"Base Defence... Series produced for defending a base. The Type・Ohan is not mere for defence, it also has quite high offensive ability​."
"Is it ahead of us?"
"Yes. Supposing they recognise us the enemy, exists a possibility of being attacked."
"Is that Ohan-san has higher performance than Yuuyami?"
"In terms of overall efficiency, I exceedingly overwhelm​."
"Ah, sorry. Er, I mean a combat ability."
"I also hold a subroutine for self-defence, let's see... Assuming neither of us possess a weapon, if me and Ohan shall enter the battle, I guess I would be destroyed in about five minutes."
"I see-. We would be in troubles if one of us will be destroyed."
"Yes. So, we shall go back for now."
"Mn―, but," Lydia a little tilted her head. "Before anything else I think there is always a warning. Like in movies?"


All kinds of movies data were left in the library, and upon the times pair held movie-watching parties.


"I guess there is. Unless program has been rewritten."
"The program rewritten..." _clap_, Lydia clapped her hands. "Is that Ohan-san alone? Is there anyone else?"
"Yes. Together with the girl."
"Human!?"


Lydia rises voice seemed to have a mixture of astonishment and anticipation.


"Perhaps a human being. I cannot make an accurate assertion without drawing even closer."
"Wha―i, closer! Let's get closer!"


Lydia twisted the throttle, motorcycle starts.


"Lydia, did you hear what I have said? Ohan together with another object? It's dangerous if you do not raise level of your defence power a little more. Lydia's equipment are not enough to compete with Ohan."
"If there's human, we'll be fine!"
"On what basis?"
"After all, that child should want to see human other than herself!"
"That is possibility, however does it enough to say they aren't a hostile?"
"Hm―, but in the end-, we can't tell until we meet and talk, right?"


Lydia's expression cannot be seen to Yuuyami, nevertheless Lydia probably smiling, guessed Yuuyami.
And what Lydia saying not wrong.
If they turn back here and now, they won't get anything.
Wishing to experience something novel, they have no choice but to step in.