---
layout: post
date: 2020-12-21 07:06:01 +0300
last_modified_at: 2021-02-12 23:09:02 +0000
title: "Episode 10. White Map."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054880718479
---

Today it has been raining since the morning.<!-- more -->
However not mere *potsu-potsu*, but *zaa-zaa*.[^1]
Looked forward to sea trip Lydia, now being crestfallen, and sits upon the library floor.


<p markdown="1">"Why-, it's raining now-"</p>
[^1]: [Potsupotsu] - *spots; here and there*; [Zāzā] - *raining heavily*; <br> side-comment: cute;

Let out a sigh Lydia.


"There are days like this."


Stated Yuuyami, during brushing Lydia's hair.


"I wanted to go to the sea–."
"Let us go tomorrow."
"What if it rains tomorrow?"
"Let us go the day after tomorrow."
"What if it rains the day after tomorrow?"
"Let us construct a car."
"I like motorcycles better–."
"Why?"
"Hm—" Lydia inclined her head to the side.


There no definite pretext in particular. Nonetheless, if her forced to answer,


"Is it because motorbike's, cooler?"
"That is a question for me?"
"No. It's just a bit ambiguous."
"I see."


Indifferently said Yuuyami, and continued combing Lydia's hair.
In beatitude, Lydia closed her eyes.


"Incidentally."


Yuuyami stopped her hand. Naming it as being done with brushing.
Lydia considers it regrettable, however she shall be combed  tomorrow  morning again. Therefore did not ask, "More".


"What?"
"For what reason have you suddenly wishing to visit a sea?"
"Hm—? What—? Aren't I mentioned it in the middle of the night?"
"You are not. For that right after uttering a statement, of you wishing to go to the sea, you fell asleep, as yet standing."
"I see."


Lydia considered she fall asleep upon explaining thing.


"Er, I saw sea. Sea dream."


Lydia has never seen actual sea. Nonetheless, she knew the scenery out of movies, books et cetera.
It is azure, immense, chilly, deep, wavy, and salty.


"Dream?"
"Yes. Dream."


And after a brief​ silence,


"What kind of dream? Inasmuch as I do not dream, I am having a keen interest," stated Yuuyami.


Autodoll are not seeing dreams.
Likewise Lydia aware of that fact. After all, Yuuyami never sleep in the first place.


"Er, there was a sandy beach, there was sea, and then—" was saying Lydia, trying to recall fragments of her dream: "sparkling flower was in bloom."
"Sparkling flower?"
"Hm. You know, er, that... flower that means rainbow. Purple one."
"Aah," nods Yuuyami. "Iris, right?"
"Yes. Iris."


Lydia leaned behind and pressed her head against Yuuyami's bosom. Yuuyami's chest feels good as a pillow.


"Hmm. And then?"
"Er—, it was blooming at top of the sea. And was a little wavering."
"Iris is not blooms at the sea surface."
"I know–."


With a sour look, Lydia restored her posture by separating of Yuuyami's chest.


"It's dream after all."


Whereas saying that, Lydia sat down facing Yuuyami.


"That is right. A frequent situation for dream to be absurd."
"Hm—, now I remember distinctly. Iris was swaying, sea strongly attracted me. I had to move towards, were my thoughts."
"I see. Dream seem to have meaning. Then sha..."
"Look it up with oneiromancy."


Lydia interrupted Yuuyami words. Even so, no problem has appeared. Since Yuuyami certainly wanted to propose oneiromancy.


"Yes. Please wait a moment."


Yuuyami stood up, took a tablet idling upon the desk and came back.
Then, sits before Lydia operating a tablet.
Whereas Lydia excitingly wondered, what kind of meaning would it be.


"Appears that sea having various sorts of meaning," says Yuuyami. "First of all, what kind of sea was that?"
"Er, calm, glittering, transparent, and awfully beautiful."
"I see. What were Lydia impression at time?"
"Wa—h, so beautiful!"
"How unsophisticated."


<p markdown="1">Yuuyami let to slip a short giggle.</p>
[^11]: the archaic definition of [Amour] - love, affection;

"So what's the meaning?"
"Yes. It is very good dream. Overall it have a great implication, either large happiness might arrive or became known, particularly when it comes to romance. As following, means the talent blooming or growth."
"Romance is amour, right?"[^11]
"Indeed. It is similar."
"Iris also had a definition of love fulfilment, wasn't it?"


Upon the moment she learned about oneiromancy with Yuuyami for the first time, since that day Lydia have been continuously yearning for Yuuyami.
Albeit, however
at time of watching movies and reading books, it appeared as Lydia's amour was somewhat different.
Despite that, her love toward Yuuyami, as well as desire to stay together with her, haven't altered.


"Yes. In sooth."
"Are fulfilled amour brings even larger happiness?"


But, what would be even greater happiness than at present, wondered Lydia.
Yuuyami was brushing a hair for me, exploring, creating various things, what kind of happiness shall be beyond?
Lydia cannot even imagine.


"However iris was swaying, was it?"


Yuuyami slightly bent her neck.


"Uh-huh. It was."
"That means the fulfilled love would tremor and new amour shall commence, it seems?"
"Eh? I'm not particularly wishing for another, new amour, though?"


Since Yuuyami is sufficient.


"Is that so?"
"Uh-huh."


Lydia firmly stared upon Yuuyami, Yuuyami  was also regarding  Lydia.
Gazes intersection. Lydia was reflecting within clear pupils of Yuuyami, and surely Yuuyami were there, in the middle of Lydia azure​ eyes.
Accompanied by leisure flow of the time, suddenly, Lydia recalled a matter she wished to discuss with Yuuyami.


"Yuuyami, wait a moment."


Without awaiting for Yuuyami to response, Lydia stood up and pick her tablet from sofa.
Immediately reinstating her original posture of sitting directly before Yuuyami, facing her.


"I wanted to create a world map."


Lydia showed tablet screen to Yuuyami.
Within the middle of a white screen can be found a symbol of opened book, with written thereunder, 'Underground Library (Residence of Lydia and Yuuyami).'


"So that's what it was. A world map?"
"Yes. Since exploration is so rare, I thought it would be fun to make a map."


A circled symbol __P__, was right by west side of underground library. Whereas meaning a parking lot, upon Lydia's map is an indication of the garage.
To the east side, symbol that combines cogwheel​ and electric circuit. This one points out a solar panels constructed by Yuuyami.


"Good, is not it. We shall bury the white world with symbols."
"Uh-huh. I've  pointed Rapha's house at once, you know."


With that said, Lydia scrolls a screen.
Approximately forty-four kilometres north underground library, upon the map has been pointed a square symbol and following words: 'House of Rapha and Ohan'.


"Nicely done. Then next shall become a sea."
"Yes. By the way, Yuuyami, at what direction the sea?"


For Lydia the sea location  as yet undisclosed. Decided to travel there, just like that, without knowing neither direction nor distance.


"Departing due south, upon approximately fifty kilometres, we shall reach it."
"And other directions?"
"Other? Let's see–."


Yuuyami displayed a pondering gesture. Undoubtedly was referring to fore-downfall world's map, reckoned Lydia.


"Approximately one hundred forty kilometres to the east. About two hundred fifty kilometres to the north. Otherwise we have to travel nearly three hundred kilometres due the west."
"To south is nearest, right?"
"Sure, that is right."
"So be it, straight towards the south!"
"Yes. Let us do it."


◇


Yuuyami was observing Lydia eating lunch.
Yuuyami do not eat anything. Energy provides the Power Cell.
Hence, she simply enjoyed watching Lydia's diet.
Lydia' lunch apropos was a salad and fruit juice. Lydia diet are not vast. However, having no problems with her health, Yuuyami mentions nothing  in particular against amount of the meal.
After table, pair would decide on  order of precedence​ for projects.
Upon increasing quantity of projects, they had been clueless as for what to begin with, unless choose on priorities.
Lydia finishes eating a salad and  drains fruit juice in a big gulps.
Thereafter, wearing a smile, said: "Thank you for the meal".
Why  was it necessary to utter such phrase, could not explain Yuuyami. Yuuyami haven't teach her that.
Lydia self-educates, memorizing and practising greetings before and after the meal.


"Well, then, prioritise the projects," uttered Yuuyami.
"Uh-huh. World exploring is number one."
"I agree."
"That's why I pondered about it, drawing a conclusion to manufacture toil AD that would allow us to advance with projects during our exploration."
"Toil AD? I have never reasoned such."
"Since Yuuyami doesn't get tired. But for I'm getting fatigued quickly, I want rather automate it."


Indeed, Yuuyami nodded.
For Yuuyami has an amount of working time no different from infinite, upon the premise she considered doing everything herself.
However Lydia different. Time to rest and replenishment energy— meal hour was indispensable.
Moreover,
Lydia would die afore Yuuyami.
Of course, it is mere matter for times to come.
Subject of distant future.
Notwithstanding that, Yuuyami grew extremely​ lonely.
Average life expectancy among former human kind were around one hundred fifty years. What about Lydia, novel human breed?
Can she subsist longer than bygone humanity?
Hopefully so, desired Yuuyami.
Whereas taking an oath.
Without a fail obtain Angel Project materials with an aim of discovering a method to extend Lydia's life-span.


"Yuuyami?"


Lydia tilted her head, Yuuyami interrupted a train of her thoughts.


"What is it?"
"Would it be okay to give toil AD top priority?"
"Yes. It is okay. What series would you wish to reproduce?"


Yuuyami select a catalogue of toil AD on the tablet, and showed it to Lydia.


"Firstly we must manufacture a versatile type. So, let's build identical toil AD as you."
"I see. Then please choose in this direction."
"Uh-huh. Well, then, it will be latest V series model."


Lydia operated tablet and picked out a toil AD.


"Yes. Versatile series, right."


The type with uncovered metal skeletal structure, resembling Ohan a little. Well, this one's smaller than Ohan and having no combat ability.


"We have software archive, aren't we?"
"Yes, we are. It should be within library database."
"Then we only have to prepare hardware."
"Inasmuch as we also have blueprints, it is feasible before long drive that in a simple Parts Maker."
"Ah, simple Parts Maker, I know."
"What is it?"
"Why don't we construct regular Parts Maker, not simplified version? For the future."


Parts Maker a large machine. It has potential to reproduce whole motorcycle or car in one charge, too. Upon assembly labour turns  to be needless, work efficiency should greatly ascend.
However is having a problems either.


"Where should we place it? We shall not possibly make it weather-beaten."
"Er, establish Maker Factory, let toil AD handle it."
"That is, fairly large-scale​d project, isn't it?"


Lydia declared constructing the factory in itself.
If they use factory blueprints of fore-world's collapse, there shall not be much for them to append.
Nonetheless, if factory being built by toil AD, with mere two units of simple Parts Makers, project can take several months.
During the time, rest of projects wouldn't make a progress. Since simple Parts Makers would be occupied with factory construction.


"Um. But we just have to explore throughout that time, so it's okay. If it would raining like today, we can design artificial intelligence for motorbike."
"Understood. We shall proceed forward this route."
"Then, let's get started!"


Lydia cheerfully sprang up.
If you create all sorts of objects such as this, one day world shall fill a hustle and bustle.
Upon that time,
Yuuyami would let out a short giggle, saying, 'With just a Lydia it was lively enough'.
