---
layout: post
date: 2020-12-28 12:19:27 +0300
last_modified_at: 2021-02-12 23:23:03 +0000
title: "Episode 17. Opposite the Darkness."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054881007215
---

Lydia and Rapha commenced working on a Dream Project.


"First of all, we need an ultra-high-performance Dream Server that will be able re-emerge your dream, onee-chama."
"Uh-huh. I'm thinking to use altered connection of server resources."


The two were talking inside the laboratory whereas meddling with computers.


"Connection, supercomputer connection?"
"Yes, that one."
"This room would become half packed."


Rapha slightly shrugged shoulders.
Afore world perishing, quantum computer considered to hold a highest throughput. That the connection she mentioned.
In prior the collapse, brimming with dreams and expectations of engineers, the strongest computer was born.
Therefore, _supercomputer_― the _super quantum computer_.
However,
such connection were hardly able to play any active role.
Since world has been destroyed.
An everlasting dream of engineers collapsed along with the world.
Leaving behind only a data of legendary throughput as well as blueprints.


"You don't mind?"
"Naturally, but, please, onee-chama, commit changes of resources by yourself. I'm myself not really creative."
"Despite you told me to enjoy *la création du monde* with you?"
"Yes, that's right. I simply wanted to do that with onee-chama since you said you wished to. I'm primarily​ a researcher. It's too tiresome to go outside."
"Is that so."
"Yes it is."


Rapha proudly puffed out her chest for some reason.
She must being proud to be researcher, guessed Lydia.


"Then, I will alter resources, could you assemble it with simple Parts Maker?"
"If it's just assembling, alright."
"During that time, I'll develop device for measuring my brain waves while I'm dreaming."


Thereon, measured data shall be interconnected against Dream Server via Lightning Blade.
For re-emerging dream, which will be based on Lydia's brain waves, to the Dream Server.
With following sending main subroutine of Yuuyami, who shall be connected to the Dream Server via Lightning Blade.
Being interconnected, data from Dream Server would be saving in Yuuyami's storage.
Lydia, of course, cannot slip out of her head.
Hence, at the end, events within Dream Server will feedback to Lydia's brain.
*That* connection and Lightning Blade shouldn't born much of time lag.
Accordingly, it is expected for Lydia and Yuuyami to be able to talk together, on the spot.
From Lydia perspective, information would flow of her brain to the Dream Server and afterwards back to Lydia' brain.
From Yuuyami' side, data will stream against Yuuyami's quantum brain, whereafter to Dream Server, and backward to her storage.
Lydia and Yuuyami cannot be directly connected. With that as a reason, Dream Server is interposed to link them together.
Upon such method, Lydia virtually invites Yuuyami into her dream.
All of it having a sole purpose.
To help Yuuyami. As much as that.
Of course, it depends on Lydia, whether or not she could handle feelings of Yuuyami within her dream.


"When do you estimate to complete it?"
"In one month."
"Now now, it's too strict. Even for onee-chama."
"In one month, I will complete it."


By that time, world shall grew much warmer.
Most suitable season for exploration.
For the sake to once again, on motorcycle, run across the world together with Yuuyami.
For the sake of filling the world map, encounter plenty not yet known, and  play around in this world.


◇


Twenty-eight days have passed.
Lydia was lying upon the cot.
The helmet for measuring a brain waves is on her head, numerous electrodes were attached to both hands and feet.


"Well, then, onee-chama, I'll supervise the procedure."


Said, standing next to Lydia, Rapha, whereas peered down the Lydia' face.


"Uh-huh."
"Step one, put onee-chama sleep. Step two, send weak electric signal of Yuuyami to the Dream Server."
"Uh-huh."


Lydia herself, heard from Rapha of a meagre area in Yuuyami' quantum brain that was operating.
The improbable signal which existed in quantum brain of Yuuyami wasn't temporal. She has been monitoring for a long time, however it have no intentions to disappear.
Consequently, firstly I try to use only that signal, decided Lydia.


"From there, depending on situation, at onee-chama cue, I will reboot Yuuyami. And thereat, sent Yuuyami's main routine to Dream Server. In exactly the same moment, I arrange a virtual container in order for Yuuyami to keep her shape."
"I made it look akin to actual Yuuyami, so that Yuuyami wouldn't be confused."
"But, onee-chama, I'm worried her breasts are slightly bigger than they actually are? Is there some ulterior motive?"


Container designed by Lydia― the virtual chest of Yuuyami was.


"It's a measurement mistake. Don't worry."


It's not, in fact.
Perhaps Lydia would embrace Yuuyami, so she purposely made it a little larger. Such would be more comfortable, she thought.
Of course, Lydia has no discontent about actual bosom of Yuuyami.
Only since it's so long-awaited, she got a playful mood.


"So that's how it is," Rapha shrugged her shoulders. "Now then, after reboot, I will be monitoring everything."
"Uh-huh. Please take care of me."
"So, if I judge condition as dangerous, I will forcibly terminate the process."
"Whose condition? My? Yuuyami?"
"Any of you."
"Is that so. Uh-huh. Thank you. But, wait until the last moment."
"Understood. Onee-chama values Yuuyami more than anything else, huh. Wah, seriously, I'm jealous."
"Ahaha."


Lydia forced yourself to laugh.
I spent almost a month with Rapha.
Even so, I can't understand Rapha, just as before.
She kept saying unpleasant things as usual, instantly got mad, and all I can think about it 'Is that so'.
From Lydia standpoint, Rapha is constantly complicated and mysterious​ life-form.
And yet,
only two things are certain.
Rapha's abilities equal, or even greater, than Lydia's. I can affirm it confidently. It felt as though to have another me.
And second one.
Rapha cherished Lydia.
Rapha was obstinate and cannot accept new things. Therefore, many quarrels took a place. She don't remember how many times they argued during the month.
However, even so,
she knew Rapha was cherishing Lydia.
These two qualities should be enough.
Now, Lydia recognised Rapha as an important friend or, perhaps, as little sister.


"Also, onee-chama, a verbal message from Ohan."
"From Ohan?"


It's something novel, thought Lydia.
Incidentally, right now Ohan is on a guarding duty upon the surface. That is Ohan's primary job.
Ohan being thereat for the sake of protection Rapha from outside invader​s.
It's doubtful whether there an outside invaders​ in this destroyed world, wondered Lydia.
Nevertheless, every day Ohan stood alone upon the surface, unless there was a special business.


"*Go forth and conquer*, it was."
"Conquer..."


Lydia wryly smiled. Despite I'm not going to fight.


"Wah, it can't be helped. Ohan for military use, that's the best he can. Ohan himself asked to pass you a message, in the first place."
"That's right. I have to express my gratitude later."
"If you do that, we are going to squabble again, so don't."
"Rapha always loses, though."
"...T, time to begin."


*Whoosh*, Rapha turned away.
Lydia giggled, afore closing the eyes.
There we go, meeting Yuuyami.
Whereas holding bouquets of irises in both hands.


◇


For a long time  Yuuyami been waiting under the darkness.
Due to no concept of time existed here, she unable to perceive a duration of her waiting.
Appears as though a moment, seeming eternity likewise.
However she didn't experience tedium. It was not to say under this darkness  being fun, but the present Yuuyami have no ability to feel boredom.
Somehow, it is just therein. A tiny, tiny consciousness.
She had no dread any more. She knew, Lydia trying to help.
Mere believe in Lydia, simple waiting.
Whereupon, exactly that suddenly occurred.
The feeling, as though Yuuyami consciousness being torn off the darkness.
It is flowing somewhere.
What happened, Yuuyami have no insight.
However, she was convicted in one thing. Upon my departing of this obscure world, Lydia surely would be there.
Hence, consciousness of Yuuyami mildly tittered.
Upon the following moment,
world regained its lightness.
Blue sky, it is as though pierced by a white clouds which seemed to be  comfortably floating.
Apart from that,
the lea of iris flowers unfolded before me up to horizon.
Yuuyami observed them from within the body.
Body. My body. However, something is different from usual.
Yet, I do not possess the ability to acknowledge the difference.
Notwithstanding that, I was able to move. Albeit, it did not work as expected, my motions were sluggish.


"Yuuyami, long time."


Lydia rapidly arose from the flower lea.
Voice of Lydia what I constantly wished to hear. Figure of Lydia upon which I perpetually desired to gaze.
Yuuyami yearned to tightly hug Lydia.
But withal, movements of my body were sluggish. Whilst upon attempt to spread my arms, they weren't spread easily.


"Ah... ah..."


Albeit my wish to call Lydia's name, I cannot speak. Language capability significantly reduced.


"Welcome to my dream."


Smiled Lydia, like the sun.


◇


Autodoll dreams in a decaying world.
Autodoll dreams of her beloved in a decaying world.