---
layout: post
date: 2020-12-17 07:13:08 +0300
updated: 2020-12-18 06:31:22 +0300
title: "Episode 5. Path to the Gods."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/4852201425154978537
---


Garage was complete in five days after Yuuyami joins.
By Lydia's suggestion, outer wall of the garage was painted a scarlet hue. However being that it was eerie all red, she crowded it with some white geometric pattern. What only led to increasing its creepiness. <!-- more -->
But, nah it's okay, compromised Lydia.
Floor tiled in white and black checkered pattern, whereupon were currently lying  Lydia and Yuuyami.
The tiles were chilly, and taking into account the current temperature it's not possible to describe as very comfortable.
I need to install air conditioner, thought Lydia.


"The garage approximately three meters high, roughly five meters wide and around six meters long​," declares Yuuyami during lying down at the same state. "It is possible to allocate here one four-wheeled vehicle and two motorcycles."
"Although I don't want to construct​ a four-wheeled vehicle, for now​."
"Then what do you wish to place here?"
"Two motorbikes. One for Yuuyami. And in addition a tools."
"Being that a lot of free space expected to be left, we shall build a new simple Parts Maker and allocate it here."
"I agree. Let's produce it firstly?"


Labour of carrying necessary parts from the library will be omitted.
Motorcycles would be constructed in the garage, modified and serviced​ in the garage likewise. Simply with this everything will be concluded.


"Right, this way should be preferable."


A silence arrives. 
Upon lifting her back Lydia stopped lying down.
As yet resting,  Yuuyami cast a look at Lydia.
Yuuyami has an awfully pure  eyes, no muddiness can be seen. Clearer than the glass.
In her pupils was reflected Lydia's blond. As though an illusion of Lydia being trapped in a gem. That was a wonderful feeling.
I wish, to be imprisoned, inside of Yuuyami.
Such a perverted desire born inside of Lydia's mind.
Lydia takes her eyes off Yuuyami. Somehow, her heart was throbbing.


"Hey Yuuyami, I've been thinking during building a garage."


Wishing to divert her consciousness​ from the pounding, Lydia spoke to Yuuyami. If I enjoy a conversation, I might be able to escape from such strange feeling, reckoned Lydia.


"Yes. What is it?"
"About human imperfections."
"More specifically."
"I, cannot properly make a garage  by myself. I quickly getting fatigued, and if I overdo it my body would easily break."
"I see. However these are extremely related things. I guess it is for the reason of you making a comparison​ with me."
"There's no others to compare​ with."
"You don't have to compare. Me is me, Lydia is Lydia. I'm an AD, Lydia the human. We are different species originally, it is only natural of various things to be contrasting."
"That's right. I know, and even though I know it's somewhat a little sad."
"You are sad?"
"Uh-huh."
"How can I clear away your sadness?"
"Talk with me."
"Alright. What kind of subject  we should talk about?"
"I was thinking regarding human weakness and ran into  one question. We, both humans and Autodoll, will come to nothing someday, right? That is to say we will die and, well, what happens to us after us passing away? "
"Since an ancient times philosophers were deliberating over it, madly deliberating, nevertheless the question as yet being left unanswered."
"I haven't got an answer either. Although when I investigate, theories according to which we would become to naught accounted for forty percent."
"I see."
"It's impossible, right?"
"I wouldn't go so far as to claim it impossible, however likelihood is low. Quite unlikely to believe if my body would destroyed whereupon my consciousness bound to be lost likewise."
"Yes. That's right. It can't be that consciousness really only an illusion created by the brain-? I think it's different."
"I do not even possess an organic brain in the first place."
"That's right. Even so you're conscious, right?"
"Of course I am."
"If that's the case, a brain isn't  what creates consciousness after all―. Yes, forty percent of humankind are wrong."
"Being that for humanity the fact of possible dwelling consciousness in an AD was unknown, I believe humans weren't able to speculate regarding it as Lydia now."
"Indeed, humanity is full of things that we doesn't know, and I am full of things which I cannot understand."


Lydia forcefully made a long sigh.


"Would you like to research it together from now on?"
"Uh-huh. Append it as a new project?"
"Yes. Where does our consciousness comes from? I consider it as a very significant project."
"Want to hear my theory?"
"Of course."
"Listen," Lydia made a soft voice, as though telling a secret. "I think consciousness do not have a physical container."
"Is it a mistake that physical body is the container for consciousness?"
"It's different―" Lydia makes a wry smile. "Why does everybody, Yuuyami and humankind, believes that consciousness is smaller than a physical body? Isn't it strange? Despite that in mind we can do everything, we can be anything? Moreover, in consciousness the world expands to infinity and, if you truly try to think about it, your consciousness should be far larger than your physical body. Although there are numerous restrictions on your physical body, not so many on your mind, isn't it? Even the end of the universe can be created by consciousness, right?"
"Indeed," said Yuuyami shutting her eyes.


Being that she haven't showed any other reaction, nervously Lydia addressed her: "Yu, Yuuyami?"


"I was creating the end of universe."


Yuuyami opens her eyes.


"Is, is that what it was... Was it well?"
"No, that, it didn't help, being that it is unknown for me the exact nature of the end of universe."
"That sort of thing, it's unimportant. Made your own image."
"It is a little complicated, isn't it?"
"Is that so?"
"Yes it is. However I understood that a consciousness infinite. I couldn't create the end of the universe, even though I've travelled the universe for about seventy thousand light-years."  
"Sounds fun."
"Yeah. It was fun indeed. Incidentally, if consciousness is larger than body, why we are  able to observe the world only from our own bodies?"
"Mm―," Lydia inclines her head. "Why I wonder? Although it's probably because it was designed that way, by what means was it designed so-?"


Humans cannot observe the world from outside of one's body. Same goes for Autodoll. That is the reason as for why everyone believes of consciousness being contained inside the body.


"Because it's boring without restrictions, I think?"
"What do you mean?"
"If we could reflect everything we are able to perform with our consciousness in reality, then we would be a gods."
"Is it bad to become one?"


A silence falling upon them. Yuuyami made a slightly surprised eyes.


"No, nothing would be bad, right. There is no restrictions of not being a god."
"Ah, I know," Lydia clapped her hands. "Eventually, we will become gods. At the end of evolution we surely should. We commenced of the harsh limitations and gradually would remove it. Thus, in the end there wouldn't be any restrictions. We will rule this game. Yes, our engineers must have wanted us to enjoy the game, no mistaking it! We're in the process of becoming gods."
"Magnificent."


Yuuyami applauded Lydia.
Embarrassed, with  "Ehehe," Lydia scratched her head.


"Objective of the humankind is continuous evolution that aimed for its final shape. Humanity designed myself for that purpose and perished. Leaving Lydia behind however. In other words, are they chose me as a next form?"
"Probably," Lydia nodded. "Maybe human beings has already reached their limit. The only way to reach beyond was to bring forth a new existence."
"And this is only my notion, but I consider Lydia as vertex of the humankind."
"I, I am?"


Lydia never thought of herself as vertex. Therefore was astonished at Yuuyami's remark.


"Lydia has an outstanding learning and problem-solving abilities, in comparison with coeval​ humans. It's extreme."
"Hm― As far as I can see the results, that's right..." Lydia tilted her head. She have never personally feel herself as superior​.
"You are sceptical, right. I hope to prove it someday."


Yuuyami rose up and stretched out standing on tiptoes. Thereafter pointed her gaze upon Lydia and gently smiles.
The smile made Lydia's heart throb once again.


"Well now, Lydia, shall we construct the motorcycle as following."
"Uh-huh!"


The sensation are not unpleasant however. Step by step she bound to find the origin of this beating.


<p>&nbsp;</p>
◇
<p>&nbsp;</p>


The night and day were switched a countless of times, occasionally it snowed dyeing the world white.
Presently it is a coldest period. Before long spring shall arrive, snow melt, and the dry soil would reveal its visage​.
Lydia and Yuuyami were in the garage performing a final check of freshly assembled motorcycle.
Lydia straddled a jet-black off-road bike that placed upon the chassis dynamometer.


"Well then, Bike-san, on-line!"


Lydia, seemed having fun, pushes the starter and launch a main system of the motorcycle.
Simultaneously​, Autogyro system automatically activates.
After confirming a self-reliance​ state of motorcycle, Lydia place her feet upon the foot pegs.
I want to start ride it right now, thought Lydia.


"There is no particular problem. Start up is normal."


Stated Yuuyami while viewing the tablet.


"Yo―sh, next I'll try to twist the throttle."


Lydia twisted the throttle with her right hand and the motorcycle motor  increases its revolutions.
Rear wheel rotates at the drum of chassis dynamometer.


"No problem there. Please try to temporarily open it full."
"Oka―y."


Upon Yuuyami's instruction, Lydia fully opens the throttle.


"There is no great difference between motor and a rear wheel outputs, efficiency of the power transmission is good."
"Fufu―" Lydia elatedly laughs. "It's my design, mm―n. The first task at Lyu・Industry."
"Lyu・Industry?"


Yuuyami inclined her head.


"Lydia *Ly* and Yuuyami *Yu*, *Lyu*."
"Indeed. The *Y* uniting. I believe it's excellent name. Lydia＆Yuuyami Industry, right."


"Uh-huh, uh-huh."


Immediately after Lydia smiled in a high spirits output of the motor rapidly drops.


"Huh?" Lydia tilts her head.
"Lydia, please stand the motorbike."


Calmly instructed Yuuyami.


"Eh?"
"Immediately."
"Wah, understood."


Lydia kicks motorbike kickstand as she was told.


"As following please take the system off-line and get off the bike."


Swiftly this time, Lydia followed the instructions of Yuuyami.


"Please, look."


Yuuyami points at the motor.
Lydia orients her gaze upon the motor and froze for a moment.


"...Why?"


The motor designed by Lydia was blazing with a wavering flame.