---
layout: post
date: 2020-12-29 09:45:49 +0300
last_modified_at: 
title: "Episode 18. Dreaming Together."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054881046394
---

Whereas Lydia waited for Yuuyami, she decided to adorn the dream world. 
At present, there is nothing in this world of the dream.
Mere infinite space was spreading in every direction. Alike to iris dream, I had the other day. Pale-pink space the size of universe.


"At any rate, sky and ground, right; uh-huh."


Upon murmuring, she pictured it in her head.
Lydia in a lucid dream. Within such kind of dream it is possible to understand that is a dream.
Thus being feasible to manipulate it to a certain extent.
Instantaneously, the world was completed just as Lydia imagined it.
Under refreshing sky blue, white clouds were as though a cotton candies. Thereat, next step - withered land.


"Wouldn't it be a little lonely, if it's the same as outside?"


Once again she pictures it in her mind.
Being her directly linked to creation, the field of flowers so far as eye could see was completed.
Countless blooming irises were enveloping vast land a size of universe.
"Uh-huh," with nod Lydia lays down.
If that was reality I would've suffocated from aroma of these flowers, she thought.
A few seconds passed as she waited.
The projection of virtual Yuuyami, prepared by Lydia in advance, have appeared.
She approached― Lydia rapidly stood up afore launching a wide smile.
Caught by surprise, Yuuyami shoot her eyes open, it took a considerable time for her to do so however.


"Ah... ah..."


Yuuyami tried to spread her arms, but that movement was quite of sluggish.
There shouldn't be any issues with connection. So, was  issue  that Yuuyami haven't actually boot up yet, wondered Lydia.
But, that is irrelevant.


"Welcome to my dream."


Thereupon, Lydia smiles once again.


"Th... nk... ah."


With utmost effort, Yuuyami tried to say something.
Nevertheless, the words failed to come out properly.
"Shh," said Lydia, upon bringing index finger over her lips. 
Seeing the gesture, Yuuyami closed her mouth.


"It's been a long time. But, Yuuyami hasn't booted up properly yet; you understand my words?"


Lydia tilted her head.
Yuuyami sluggishly nods.


"Glad to hear. After this, Yuuyami going to startup, however I need to give you advise in order for you to not to break, Yuuyami. Okay?"


Upon Lydia question, one more time Yuuyami answering with nod.


"First of all, it's not just emotions which Yuuyami can't process."


Yuuyami tilted her head just a little.


"You didn't understand it likewise, didn't you. That's why, you abend," giggled Lydia. "Right? Emotions born in Yuuyami are love. Thus, what you couldn't handle was an urge that accompanies love."


Yuuyami doesn't move, with her head as yet tilted.


"Although it's only my guess​, I don't think it's incorrect. I myself, realised love for Yuuyami upon kissing you. And then, perhaps, at that moment Yuuyami recognised your love to me either, I think."


Yuuyami slightly nodded.


"Uh-huh. So, after that, various impulses should have been born in Yuuyami."


Such as strangle me to the verge of the death, murmured Lydia inside of her heart.


"Perhaps, impulse was being filled with contradictions: I like her, I want to hug her tightly, with all might and main. However if that's going to be done, she'll break. Even so, I want to do that. Perhaps, there could've been a desire, to break me."


Yuuyami blinked slowly. Just like that, Lydia perceived a meaning of her behaviour.


"And Yuuyami tried to control that impetus, however couldn't. That's okay, Yuuyami. After all, even humans can't control it properly."


Lydia made one step forth, to approach Yuuyami.
Whereafter  took a deep breath.


"Well, then, to conclude it. Entrust yourself to that impulse."


At Lydia's words, Yuuyami tried to open her mouth.


"No good."


Lydia put her index finger over Yuuyami's lips.


"No objections. Believe me. Accept the impulse. Don't resist. You can do everything you want, Yuuyami. We are inside of the dream, so I won't break. That's why, you can do whatever you want."


Separating her finger, Lydia smiled.


"If you understood, nod once."


However Yuuyami does not nods.
Lydia sighed.


"You're scared, aren't you? I understand. Even so, it's truth, I'll be alright. Do you, not believe me?"


Yuuyami turned her head to the right, whereafter to the left.


"Um. Well, alright? I'm listening."
"...hing ... be... ight?"


Lydia stood on tiptoes, afore reaching her hand out. Thereon, stroked Yuuyami's hair.


"Everything, will."


The line uttered by Yuuyami to Lydia the other day.


"Nod if you understood. After that, you'll be rebooted."


At present moment, Yuuyami nodded.
Lydia parting her hand of Yuuyami's head, whereupon raising a three fingers.
First one is bent, second.
One more, the index finger.
And then she also bend an index finger.
Upon that moment, body of Yuuyami leapt backwards.


"UwaaaaA!"


Yuuyami groans painfully.


"Don't resist. Accept your fears. Accept your impulse."


Lydia spread her arms,
the following instant,
Yuuyami embraced Lydia.
Supposing it being a real world, Lydia would already been dead. With such power, Yuuyami hugged Lydia.


"Excuse me, Lydia. My apologies."
"I'm fine. I'm totally fine. So don't apologise. Just do what you want."
"I, nighly, murdered, Lydia."
"Yet I'm alive. Everything is fine."
"I cannot  control myself."


Yuuyami puts a farther strength. If not for  dream, Lydia's bones would have been smashed, whilst viscera crushed.


"You don't have to. I'm alright."


Lydia made as soft tone as she could.


"Thank you very much. I myself, wanted to hug Lydia with all my strength."
"Uh-huh. I'm glad."
"It does not hurt? Does not painful?"
"I'm alright. It's just a dream."


Lydia told an untruth.
In order for left it unperceived however, she gave a calm answer.


"It's great. Then..."
"Then?"
"I want to kiss."
"Alright. I want to do it either."


With that being said, Lydia smiled.


◇


Rapha was carrying a constant monitoring the condition of the two.
Events from Dream Server likewise were showing upon display in 3D graphics.
Accordingly, at the moment of reboot, she knew that Yuuyami hugged Lydia.
In that instant,


"Does it painful!?"


Warning, which indicated Lydia's vital and brain situations, appeared on the display.


"What!? Why does this dream is so realistic!?"


Promptly, Rapha tried to type in a command for forced termination.
However clenched her fingers that were about to run over holographic keyboard.
Wait until the last moment― these words of Lydia were repeating in circles inside Rapha's head.


"Onee-chama... when is, the last moment?"


It is not possible to die in a dream. That goes no further than an illusion of pain, there wouldn't be problems with body.
But,


"Wah, these values, it must be painful to death..."


No one would blame her for screaming and crying. Such a level of pain.
Even so, as far as Rapha was monitoring, within the Dream Server Lydia was acting awfully calm.
For that reason, Rapha desisted from forced termination.
Supposing Lydia was screaming, I would put an end to it without hesitation.
And then,
3D Yuuyami drew closer to 3D face of Lydia and they overlapped each other.


"What is it? Did she just head-butted her?"


But it wasn't a pain that Lydia's brain had an illusion of, it's a pleasure.
Reading it numerically, Rapha came to understanding what the pair were doing.
Concluding with an instant dyeing the face in bright red.


"Ki, kikiki, kiki, kissing!?"


◇


Yuuyami felt as her heart has calmed down.
Emotional runaway, along with impulse to break Lydia, now being withdrawn as a lie.
This is significance, to accept my own feelings.
The more I repudiating a dread, the greater it spreads.
The more I opposing emotions, the larger impulse has born.
Likewise, the more I struggle to control it, the more feelings were entangling, messing up; whereafter, in conclusion, there wouldn't be another choice but to abend or die.
Into such spiral, fell Yuuyami.
Yuuyami herself, gently let go of Lydia, who she being as yet hugging.


"Are you alright?" Asked Lydia.
"Yes. Thank you very much. I am back to normal."
"I'm so glad-"


Lydia exhaled in a large, large manner.


"I wish I accepted it earlier."


_Uh-huh, Uh-huh_, Lydia nodded upon Yuuyami's  words.


"That's right. But if Yuuyami entrust herself to impetus  in the real world, I'll die. Therefore, here."
"Within, dream?"
"Right. Yuuyami's dream. My dream."
"Would have never guessed that one day I, an Autodoll, shall dream."
"That's a reason why  world is so fascinating."


Laughed Lydia.
Not the world, rather Lydia being the fascinating one, judged Yuuyami.
I could never have imagined to receive a help in such method.


"Incidentally."


Yuuyami inspected her body.
Moving her limbs, twisting a waist.


"Hmm?"
"This body..."
"Ah, er-, it's a container I made; so that you wouldn't get confused in my dream."
"Yes. I am able assume that."
"Uh-huh."
"However, the breasts grew a size larger."


Declared  Yuuyami, whereas touching her bosom with both hands.
I would not describe it as uncomfortable, nevertheless I cannot help but wonder.


"Ah-, that is," nodded Lydia. "Take your hands off it, for now."
"Like this?"


Yuuyami did exactly what she was told to.


"That's it. Size of your breasts is a little bigger"
"A little?" Yuuyami inclined her head.
"For me to do this."


Lydia ignored the question of Yuuyami.
Whereafter, she tightly embraced Yuuyami, during burying her visage within Yuuyami's bosom.


"I see."


Yuuyami gently returned a hug to Lydia. Thereat caressed her hair, and said:


"I am truly, truly grateful to you."
"It's all right. I will keep helping you again and again."


For a while, pair were staying silently, what felt as though the time had stopped.
And being it actually stopped, surely neither of us would care.
Yuuyami missed  sensation of Lydia,
likewise Lydia was captivated by feeling of Yuuyami.
After eventually,
a few words
slipped a lips of Yuuyami.


"I love you, Lydia."


A newly learned, wonderful emotion.


"Me either, Yuuyami."


Following Lydia's reply, silence fell between the pair once again.
As henceforth, any further words being superfluous.