---
layout: post
date: 2020-12-19 07:18:28 +0300
last_modified_at: 
title: "Episode 8. Difference in Values."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054880499606
---

"Amazing-!"


Lydia clapped hands to emphasize her excitement.


"Human beings can be created without sexual intercourse!?"


Hearing though the outline of Angel Project, she shared her meek impression. <!-- more -->
Being that Lydia received a sex education as well, she has good understanding of the process leading to humans birth.


"Onee-chama..." Rapha cheeks dyed. "So loud... how improper."
"Improper? Why?"


Lydia slightly bent her neck.


"Mn... that's, that..."


Growing at loss of words, Rapha switched her gaze upon teacup.
Albeit that appeared unlikely to have a chat​ with it, Lydia also looked at the teacup.
However as before, teacup keeps being silent.
Well, that's right, thought Lydia, thus shifts her sight at Yuuyami.


"Hey, Yuuyami, why is it improper? Humans producing new humans, why improper? It's wonderful to create something, isn't it?"


Yuuyami holds plenty of knowledge. Therefore Lydia knew if she ask Yuuyami comprehension of mostly everything could be achieved.
Naturally there are things which even Yuuyami didn't understand.
For instance, the reason of world's downfall.


"Let's see," indifferently begins Yuuyami. "Essentially it is truly a  wonderful thing. However being that frequently numerous humans were having sexual act for the sake of pleasure..."
"The objective was changed?"
"Right. Indeed. Inasmuch as excessively typical advantage for sexual activity was to satisfy lust, that considered as improper— unrefined, shameful."
"So that's why."
"So it is."


Lydia deeply nodded, Yuuyami nodded slightly.


"Not only that. Humans have objects they are shy of. AD doesn't possess it however." Rapha glanced at Yuuyami: "Is that the act of displaying nudity to the other person?"
"Correct."


Whereas recalling several movies used for sex education, Lydia nodded.


"Wah, that's how it is."
"What do you mean?"


Despite that, Lydia has no idea.
Why did she said display nudity?
Since Lydia loved clothes, she simply wears them, she didn't thought she has to wear them separately.


"Maiden shouldn't lightly expose her nudity, onee-chama."
"Even if there is no one in the world?"


Lydia slightly inclined her head sideways.


"Yes, that's right. In addition, don't say loudly things related to act. That's how maiden ought to behave."
"Even if no one to hear?"
"Yes, that's right. You have no memory, onee-chama, so it's may be unavoidable, however please be careful from now on?"
"Um—m."


Lydia not quite understands.


"Lydia," says Yuuyami. "Rapha-san  asking you simply in view of the fact that it is makes her uncomfortable."
"Aah, I see."


*Clap*, Lydia hit her hands.
If so, she cloud say this from the beginning. Since I hate sexual activity, let's don't speak about it.
What a roundabout child, judged Lydia.
At that time, Ohan came up the stairs with chair in right hand.
Ohan seemed to be awfully large and strong, metal skeletal frames were sparkling. So cool, was Lydia's impression.
Furthermore, Ohan's visual sensor resembled a vermilion gem, very beautiful.
Ohan leisurely and confidently​ walked next to Lydia.
Lydia raises her gaze, Ohan focuses sensor upon Lydia.
When


"Here you go," with that said, placed a chair.
"Thank you," answers Lydia.


However Ohan did not say "Not at all" or "I'm glad you pleased," however simply, once again unhurriedly, moved behind Rapha. Thus, stopped operating right there.
Doesn't appears to be run out of energy, seems like there Ohan's home position, guessed Lydia.


"Onee-chama, why are you doing something like showing a gratitude to AD?"


Rapha displayed a very puzzled facial expression.


"For bringing me chair."


During answering, Lydia sat down upon the chair. Not too comfortable, however it's better than standing all the while.


"That was because I ordered it," stated Rapha with slightly sullen look. "So, if you wish to thank someone, why don't you say it to me?"
"Uh-huh. Thank you too, Rapha."


Lydia sets afloat a smile, however Rapha remained sullen.


"Me, *too*?"
"Uh-huh. Rapha asked..." Lydia shifts her sight at Ohan. "And because he brought. Er, I haven't yet hear name, have I?"
"It's Type・Ohan."


She aware of it. Yuuyami mentioned it when they were riding a motorcycle.


"It's type, what about name?"
"It has no name. I don't have any particular attachment to it, there's no point of appending a name. Well, I think it's okay to attach one to AD that is so valuable as Yuuyami."


Lydia felt slightly unpleasant upon Rapha's phrasing.
Wording as though Ohan has completely no value. However, Ohan carried her a chair. Also, the appearance is cool.
He has plenty of value, reckoned Lydia.


"Listen, do you," Lydia speaks to Ohan. "Wish to have a name?"
"I don't understand."


Ohan gave unconcerned  answer.


"Are you hold consciousness? Or else, nothing but cool?"


Lydia slightly tilted her head.


"Huuh?" Rapha distorts her visage. "Onee-chama, are you have a brain disorder? At occasion of erasing your memory, did you have a prognostic symptom?"
"Eh? What do you mean?"
"Apparently, otherwise you wouldn't claim an AD conscious, unless you a greatly mad person."


Being that in Yuuyami dwells consciousness, it wouldn't be strange to be similar with Ohan, thought Lydia.
Even if Ohan don't possessed consciousness at the moment, there is always a possibility that he will, in the future.
However she slightly hesitated as for whether to say it.
Rapha's repudiation was so strong, hence she felt a quarrel would be unavoidable.


"Well, from now on, I'll educate onee-chama and bestow you a proper knowledge. So, it's okay to be crazy for now."


The gaze full of pity. Disdaining tone.
Lydia felt immensely unpleasant.
Lydia  already has been proved as full-fledged individual by Yuuyami. Rapha repudiate​s not merely Lydia, it's equal to repudiation of education which she recieved from Yuuyami.
It was a very, very unpleasant.


"I waited for onee-chama three months, you know? When I woke up, onee-chama wasn't there for some reason. Even though we supposed to awake at the same time. In a moment, I became desperate."


Suddenly Rapha began narration.
Lydia was hearing Rapha more or less, however her heart longed for returning to library.
Talking to Rapha, she grows somewhat tired, as well as it doesn't feel nice.
Long-awaited human she met— Moreover her sister, and yet, at present, she don't feel a slightest bit of happiness.


<p markdown="1">"But I believed, I waited. Onee-chama surely will come back. When finally, today, you made it. Well now, onee-chama, let's enjoy _la création du monde_[^1] with me."</p>
[^1]: creation of the world;

Rapha suddenly reached out her left hand.
She wants her to take this hand. Lydia comprehend the meaning correctly, however did not touch it.


"Onee-chama, if I held out my hand, grip it. Naturally, please remove your gloves firstly."


_Good grief_, Rapha slightly shook her head.


"I'm going home now."


Lydia stood up before turning upon her heels.


"Onee-chama!?"


The sound made Lydia realise,  Rapha turned over a chair, standing up in panic.


"Yuuyami, will you drive home?"
"Yes. Of course."


Yuuyami set afloat a smile.
Voice of Yuuyami truly brings peace of mind.
Neither disdaining nor compassionate, but sincerely tender.


"Please wait, onee-chama. What does that means?"
"Regardless of your further words," Lydia to sent a look over her shoulder. "Utmost I shall do is quietly return home."
"Have you forgot something? In that case I'll send Ohan to collect it. Now, onee-chama, you don't have to go anywhere, huh?"
"I want to visit various sorts of places, though?"


Lydia launched a light smile.
The world exploration together with Yuuyami.
Even if there is nothing in the world, that's fine.
After all, in a world of nothingness, everything can be created from now on.
There are numerous projects for Lydia and Yuuyami. Comprising plenty of creations.


"Wah, I don't understand. Onee-chama, didn't you promise to create a new world with me? In order to start over from scratch onee-chama erases the memory and then shall lead me, didn't you say that?"
"I didn't, you know?"


That is truth. Present Lydia do not remember to make such promise.
From Lydia standpoint, world begins together with awakening in the library. Nothing before that.


"Wah, you told me."
"Um—m, but perhaps, that's, isn't me?"
"Wah, it doesn't matter, because only onee-chama is onee-chama."
"Well, that's," Lydia smiles. "I want to be friends with Rapha. But I'm going home today, okay?"
"Why?"
"To put it bluntly, because Rapha says nothing but unpleasant things, in my opinion."


At present, she wanted to leave Rapha.
Lydia felt she would grew worn out at this rate.


"Unpleasant things..?" Rapha tilted head. "When was that?"


Earnestly, Rapha asked a question with widely opened eyes, as though being oblivious from the bottom of her heart.
Lydia didn't have an idea as for her further actions.
Yuuyami, who always by my side, very logical, understanding my good and bad points, not a single time has she let to slip an unpleasant words upon me.
For Lydia, Rapha appeared very sophisticated creature.


"Er, well, that's will be Rapha's project, to ponder about it, alright?"


Despite performing a makeshift, Lydia desired to somehow settle the conversation.


"Project?"
"Yes. I'll come back again, until then, okay?"
"When is *until then*?"
"Er, in a week, or something?"


Upon Lydia answer, Rapha displayed slightly thoughtful gesture.


"One week, was it? Wah, understood. I've been waiting for three months. I'll wait for another week."
"During waiting, seriously think it over, okay?"


Upon the next meeting, Lydia wished to not be so exhausted.


"Wah, naturally. I have an excellent ability of completing projects."


Declared Rapha, puffing out her chest, however somehow Lydia doesn't worried too much about it.
