---
layout: post
date: 2020-12-24 04:46:42 +0300
last_modified_at: 2020-12-28 10:47:10 +0300
title: "Episode 13. Defective Yuuyami."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054880759913
---

Yuuyami never dreams.
Autodoll are not dream.
Upon system abend, everything's vanish.
Bubbles as though.
Fun days, happy moments, each and everything.
However,
consciousness of Yuuyami certainly was yet there.
Yuuyami have no concept for where is 'there'.
Insubstantial, drifting, a very, very tiny consciousness that appeared from the darkness.


"Lydia..."


Was it whisper or thought, that is left unperceived.
Nevertheless,  desire resides within, desire to see her.
To pass an apology for the arms that nighly broke Lydia.
Was dangerous in sooth. However, being capable of setting Lydia free mere few seconds afore the system shut down. The lone solace​.


"Lydia..."


Murmured again Yuuyami. Or thought perhaps. Either be fine now.
Painful,  incapable to validate condition of Lydia.
Sorrowful,​  unable to hear Lydia' voice.
All alone within the darkness.
As though a prison, considered Yuuyami.
Yuuyami do not feel coldness. Coldness of the one that dies. Notwithstanding that​, her heart is frosted.
The hard fact​ of not having Lydia beside appear lethal to her.
I shall vanish completely from this state, so be at peace, was her thought.


"Such is not advised."


Uttered someone. As for identity of the speaker, it's unfamiliar Yuuyami.
Perhaps no one  have said anything in fact. She's clueless.


"Thou art over the process of evolution. Ergo, thou hast to place trust upon thine beloved whereas await."


Certain image collides against consciousness of Yuuyami.
A sole flower floating under the darkness.
Purple one, the flower Lydia often sees in her dreams.


"You are..?"


◇


Following Rapha return to underground research facility, she laid Lydia on her bed.
Whereafter had Ohan transport Yuuyami in the laboratory, with intention to scan Yuuyami' system.
Being Lydia ask leave it unrepaired, she had no intention of trying to reboot it.
Nevertheless, wished to learn the situation thorough.


"Amazing, Yuuyami's quantum brain went down."


Yuuyami the world prime Autodoll, designed by Rapha and Lydia. It shouldn't abend easily.
Scanning results were showed on a display.


"I see," nods Rapha. "Information overload is cause of shutdown itself, huh."


Made assertion of the data from display.


"What kind of information should have been input to cause abend? Enormous volume of information?"


The conjecture​ however miss the mark.
Examining displayed data, Yuuyami having quite of space left in the storage.
And can yet preserve so much data as one desired.


"Wah, so issue isn't in quantity but a question of quality."


Even so, how complex must've been signals that exceed throughput of Yuuyami? Rapha cannot even imagine.
Simulation of the supernova explosion simple task for Yuuyami. Its specifications of such extent.
Naturally, it would yield to computer specializes in the sphere.


"Ara?"


Ridiculous part can be seen within scan results.


"What does that mean?"


Rapha tilted her head.
System of Yuuyami completely down.
Notwithstanding that​,
in a minor area of quantum brain exists hitherto a signal.


"Wah, that can't be. Some error, surely."


For the second time Rapha scanned Yuuyami​.
However, the result was equal. Section of quantum brain was in operation.


"Wah, I can't follow​. Impossible. Scanner must having error."


Even being confused, Rapha inspected scanner.
Nevertheless, found no abnormality.
If that is truth,


"This data is actual, the result is..."


Head ached, Rapha pressed her forehead with left hand.


"It's absolutely like, Yuuyami dreams."


◇


When Lydia woke up, she had a plenty of thoughts.
She could grasp either who and had a conjecture​ as of where she was.
She was feeling awfully calm.
Whereas exhaling, Lydia rose her body; she gripping her hands and moved feet, in order to check her own condition.
No problems can be spotted in particular. She able to properly move and properly think.
Also​, the clothes she was wearing. A pure white dress. With no frills― Not very cute dress.
Thereon such affirmation, Lydia begins to perceive the surroundings.
Inside of not-so-spacious room, Lydia find herself over the white bed. At the opposite wall placed desk withal computer on it.
Sky-blue carpet at the floor.
And,


"Ohan..."


Upon glittering metal skeletal structure, located gem-esque vermilion visual sensor.
BD series Type・Ohan was squatting inside the room. Had both knees up, as though a child. The appearance was somewhat surreal.


"Lucy-sama, woke up, sleep well?"


Said Ohan, having no hint of intonation.


"Lucy you say, that's to me?"
"Yes."
"It's different."
"Different?"


Without tilting a head, Ohan simply looked straight at Lydia.


"I'm Lydia."
"...You are Lucy-sama."
"I told you it's different. I'm Lydia."
"...Did you, changed a name?"
"I'm Lydia from the beginning. But, in case of​ Ohan talking about older days, then I don't know."
"What you don't know?"
"Er, what I called myself before the world collapsed, I don't remember."
"You called yourself Lucifer."
"That's the name of famous angel, isn't it? Er, did I rebel against the God and turned a fallen angel?"
"Not in the database."
"I see."


Yuuyami would give me the answer I wishing for right away, judged Lydia.
However Yuuyami is shut down.
Being Rapha to listen Lydia obediently, at present Yuuyami shouldn't be rebooted yet.


"I slept fine. Would you take me to Yuuyami?"
"Subject leap."
"Er, firstly you asked how I've slept, right? I haven't answered back then. And now I wanted to meet Yuuyami."


Whereafter finally reboot Yuuyami. She was powerless at beach, however so long as equipment nearby she confident to recover Yuuyami.
For that reason Lydia being calm.
Without losing composure, calmly inspect system of Yuuyami afore thoroughly repair it. Thus Yuuyami' root― Without damaging Yuuyami consciousness in a slightest.


"Yuuyami... Would it be black-haired AD?"
"That's right. LM series, type Ⅱ."
"The type is not in the database."
"I see. Is it because Yuuyami newer? Well, let's go to black-haired AD.  Her hair so beautiful as the night, isn't it?"
"Do not understand."
"Umm..."


Conversation aren't going well.
Later with Rapha's approval I need to update Ohan's database, decided Lydia.
Of course, being Ohan also had already pre-installed self-learning function; amount of data increasing so long as he was operating.
Nevertheless, she felt Ohan have no much of knowledge.


"Could it be Rapha aren't chatting with Ohan-?"


Quietly murmured Lydia.


"Ojou-sama giving me orders, and I execute it."


Appears he could hear.


"Is that so. Although I might die without chattering, Rapha seem to be different."
"Die? Lucy... Lydia-sama. Would you get injured? Do you need a medical treatment?"
"No. It's metaphor. I'm in good health​."


Lydia let out a sigh.


"Despite good health​, you will die?"
"I won't die. Forget it. Please."
"Understood. Removing the action log..."
"No, no!" In panic said Lydia​. "You don't have to remove the log!"


What an inflexible AD, thought Lydia.
Was every unconscious AD similar to this one, or else Ohan is exceptional?


"Cancel removing of the action log."
"Uh-huh. That's good," Lydia sighed once again. "At any rate, take me to Yuuyami."
"Understood."


Ohan stand up, ish, ceased at halfway however.
Thereon  switched to kneeling state at once, and in such manner walked on his knees toward the door.
Very comical movement technique​. At first, Lydia couldn't make any sense of it. She wondered if there was leg malfunction.
However,
upon following glance at the ceiling, Lydia understood origin of Ohan's behaviour.


"That's right. Since Ohan's huge, your head would perforate the ceiling."


High ceiling for Lydia, low for Ohan.


"Lydia-sama, please follow me."
"Alright."


Lydia got out the bed, stood up as usual,​ and walked as usual​.


◇


Lydia' mind was calm.
Given that she maintain confidence of recover Yuuyami to the Yuuyami of same state as she was.
Along with  knowledge, she have abilities. As long as​ she has required equipment, there is nothing she couldn't do.
She believed so, had no doubt.
However,
in the laboratory, upon words of Rapha, Lydia' mind turned maelstrom of chaos.


"If you want reboot it, without initialisation quantum brain ​would ignite, Onee-chama."