---
layout: post
date: 2020-12-16 07:17:30 +0300
last_modified_at: 2021-01-12 15:55:37 +0300
title: "Episode 2. Snow-coloured World."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/4852201425154961412
---


"Friends?"


Slightly tilting her head, little girl asked a question in return.


"Yes. Upon the time when my consciousness had sprouted I was already alone, so I never had friends."


Indifferently stated lady.
<!-- more -->

"Huh? You wasn't conscious before the world has perish?"
"I was not. It happened after the world's collapse that I woke my ego, recognised myself, and became conscious."
"Is that so. It's lonely, isn't it?"
"Yes it is, probably."
"Probably?"
"I am not quite sure. I'm lonely, probably. Perhaps I kept exploring with a goal to meet you."
"The way you putting it makes me a little happy."


Girl cast her eyes downwards. With following―it was a destined encounter, wasn't it―she whispered in her heart.


"Thereon, would you like to become friends with me?"


Girl rose her head and answered, "Okay", without any hesitation.
Young girl also has no friends. Far from it, lady is a sole person she could rely on. There is no reason to refuse.


"Thank you very much. I'm glad."
"I'm glad either. Please take care of me."
"Likewise."


With that being case, lady elevates her right hand, with girl doing the same.


"Well, then, before anything else I shall begin educating you. Because as we are now, it is not possible to name as an equal relationship."
"Is that so?"
"Yes. I am guessing you do not have the knowledge for stand-alone activity, as an individual."
"Is that troubling?"
"Yes. Supposing for some reason I get a malfunction, you will come to nothing​ likewise. In other words, at present, you compelled to rely upon me. Such cannot be called an equal. The friendship is an equal relationship."
"I see," girl deeply nodded. "Education, then."


Girl observes the definition of education, as well as she aware studying is very fun. Nevertheless, she do not recall practically receiving education in the past.


"I shall utilise an educational methods which were in use by humankind in older days, before they perished, and structure it against reference over general amount knowledge."
"Understood."


Girl showed a smile.


<p markdown="1">"Well, then, without a delay."</p>
[^1]: type of bed linen resembling a large beach towel and used to cover oneself in a hot weather;

Upon that being said, lady stood up; in panic, girl got up as well. The thin _taoruketto_,[^1] which was covering girl, lightly fell down.
For air conditioning in the room functioning perfectly, an exaggerated futon unnecessary.
The girl it is hitherto did not know, however, the air conditioning was working merely for her sake. Inasmuch as lady fundamentally doesn't need an air conditioning.


"You can go sleep," suggested lady.
"Um. But, maybe I don't wish you to be alone."
"All right."


Lady bring her hips down once again. The movement was exceedingly elegant. Lady surely knows a graceful manner of sitting, thought the girl.


"Hey, I'm thirsty."
"It is a part of an energy supply activities of human beings. Humans cannot live without a regular liquid intake."
"You do not drink a water?"
"I am not. My source of energy is the Power Cell."
"Power Cell?"
"I shall explain you someday. What beverage​ would you like? However, being here is only a simple Food Maker I cannot produce an elaborate things."
"Simple Food Maker?"


Girl do not recall what it is.


"It is a simplified version of the Food Maker."
"Um. I thought so. And the Food Maker?"
"Let's see, the Food Maker," remarked lady: "it is a machine consisting of database section, which records the molecular structure of various dishes, and printer section, that re-emerge the molecular structure."
"Does that means it is possible to reproduce recorded food just like that?"
"Yes. Would you like to listen more detailed explanation?"
"Uh-huh."
"For reproduction molecular structure it can consume not a mere electric power it can also utilise merely small amount of water, thus if you will re-emerge water in the Food Maker endlessly―whereas use it as a material―it can operate as semi-perpetual motion engine. Being it important, I shall repeat once again, it does not require electricity."
"Really? It's convenient, right?"
"It surely is," lady nods lightly. "The technology has changed a history of human kind. Incidentally, nutrition of humanity upon ninety percent was relied on Food Makers and simple Food Makers."
"I see," girl deeply nodded; "so simplified version is here, right?"
"Yes. Being Food Makers are large machines, they are not placed in  public places. Of course, in an ordinary households likewise."
"What's the other difference, other than size?"
"Decreased the number of recorded dishes. In addition, complex cookery cannot be reproduced. For them being trying to save a room in the database and printer section."
"Is that how it is. Thank you for explanation."
"You are welcome. As a side note, it is possible to exchange the cooking data."
"Ah, well, what about café au lait​?"


Girl has no recollection of drinking it. And yet, she felt as though she liked it.


"Café au lait​?" questioned lady: "I wonder if the data included?"
"Um," the girl says: "I want to drink café au lait​."
"The data for café au lait​ should have been included."


Lady gets up again. After that, however, she offer a hand to the girl.


"Shall we go together?"
"Uh-huh."


Young girl took her hand.
A soft, and pleasantly warm, hand.


◇


"Boring."


One day, girl suddenly resigned from everything.
It was for the first time, a three month beyond lady began educating her.


"Boring?" lady calmly analyses: "Not fascinating. Without a worth. Having no point​. Not enjoyable. Not interesting; is that what you mean?"


_Whump_, girl lied down the library floor.
Whereafter,


"Um, perhaps that's it."


stretched out while saying so.
Whereas sitting opposite to the girl, lady put a tablet, which she used for teaching, upon the floor and pointed her gaze at the girl.
Until just yesterday there was no signs of girl being bored.
Even lady aware that the brain of humans gets tired of similar tasks. Hence, lady taught a girl various sorts of things, so in order to avoid repetition.
Of course, she was making a breaks to play with the girl.


"Are you not being worn-out?" inclines her head lady.
"I'm not tired. I can run from one side of the library to other."
"I see. What is the problem then? My teaching method?"
"U―m," after humming, girl rising up: "your method of teaching is perfect. It's easy to understand and fun, you know?"
"It is fun? Despite it being tedious?"


Lady tilted her head in opposite direction.
Girl's statements are contradictory, judged lady.


"Studying is fun, you know. It's wonderful to learn new things. But, I believe being in the same flow day in, day out made me lose interest."
"You recognised insufficiency of motivation?"
"Um. Maybe, I guess so."
"I see. I shall attempt to improve the educational subroutine, and is make it more stimulating."


Lady standing up swiftly.


"This can wait until tomorrow. Can we, do something fun, right now?"
"Hmm."


Lady taking a thought.
How could I satisfy the girl at present?
Offer her a book? No. That would be another daily routine.
There is nothing new within this library. Over past three months girl already has seen everything here.
If that is the case, reckon​s lady.
It shall be good to show what she has not seen yet.
For instance, indeed,
the world.


◇


Girl was leaded out the library by lady.
When girl opened her eyes she became breathless.
The world was pure white.
A white, lightly dancing and soft-looking, objects were falling down the sky.


"This is a snowscape," stated lady.
"Beautiful," said the girl.


Girl knew what the snow is. However never saw it afore.
With her hand leaded by lady, girl strolled through the snow.


"It's crispy."


She enjoyed a sensation of the snow. Even through the snow boots softness was transmitted.
When girl and lady turned their heads back, footprints were yet remaining behind them.
I wonder would our footprints remain in this world? thought the girl.
Lady released girl's hand and briskly walked alone.


"Don't leave me behind-"


After girl said so, lady turned around. Upon the next moment lady showed a broad  smile and crouched down.
What's wrong? thought the girl.
Lady collected a snow with her hand, rolled it up, and threw it at the girl.
Snowball hit the face of little girl and shattered. How pretty there fluttering fragments, were her thoughts.
But more than that,


"Why are you attacking me?"


girl was worried regarding lady's reckless action.
It didn't hurt, however girl was a little anxious. She wondered if lady's electric circuit being out of order.


"This is the game, called a snowball fight."
"Game?"
"Yes. Roll the snow into the ball, and throw. It didn't hurt, right?"
"Uh-huh."
"This is safe activity."


With that said, lady prepared a second ball.


"Can I evade it?"
"You can."


Lady slowly released a second snowball.
Snowball flies in a smooth arc. Girl estimated trajectory and shifted the position.
Snowball was evaded, however snow caught her feet and she fell upon her back.
It didn't hurt however, so girl simply continued lying over the snow.


"Are you alright?"


Asked  lady, in louder voice than usual.


"I'm fine," girl smiles; "it's fun."


Abruptly rising, girl also made a snowball.


"Here I go-"


And then, with a vigorous swish​, threw it at lady.
I guess lady would easily evade it, thought the girl.
However lady did not took any evasive actions.
The snowball, thrown by the girl, directly hit lady's face, and shatter to pieces thereafter.


"Nice control."


_Good_, lady gripped her right hand and rose a thumb.


"I thought one should evade it."
"I wished to experience being hit as well."
"Is that so?"
"So it is."
"And, what is your impression?"
"It's fun, is it not?"


After that, the pair enjoyed throwing a snow at each other for a while.
Before long, however, girl ran out of stamina and snowball fight came to the end.
Girl lies down in the snow, at present, lady also was lying next to her.


"Snow is wonderful."
"I also find it such."
"Thank you."
"What for?"
"For snowscape and a snowball fight."
"It's okay. This is a part of education."
"Is that so?"
"Well, not only that, also because I wanted to play with you."


Girl grew very happy, hearing these words.
Whereafter, for a some time, pair was gazing up at the sky.
The air was chilly, but clear; weather was cold, but peaceful; time was comfortably flowing by.
Right when,


"Why is it vanished-?"


Girl suddenly asked such.


"What?"


Lady rose upper body, and shifted her gaze to the girl.


"The world."


The beautiful, purely white, endlessly empty world.


"Let's see. Being nothing is left here, no method exists to learn it."
"Here is no hazardous substance for me, so it's not a nuclear winter. This isn't a large-scaled diastrophism either."


Girl already has a plenty of knowledge. However, she could not grasp the current situation in the world, no matter what.


"What about a satellite weapon, it could destroy molecular structure?"


Extracting from several existing possibilities, lady spoke up a random statement.


"Does that can destroy but surface?"
"That could be set to destroy only molecular structure of the ground, could it not?"
"With pattern-matching or something?"
"Yes."
"Hmm. If that's was a method, then who have erased the world and for what advantage?"
"I don't know. We have no conclusive evidence of it being destroyed by personal intention, in the first place."
"Even so, someone must've destroyed it for their advantage? If they used a satellite weapons."
"How about it? That could have been a malfunction or an operation error."
"U―m."


Girl pondered, however couldn't find a convincing answer.
Instead, she uttered what just came on her mind.


"I want to eat a warm soup."


Leap of the subject. Lady stiffened, for it being so unforeseen, only for two seconds however, and instantly smiled.


"I see. Shall we make it with the corn."


Having said that, lady stood up and reached her hand out to the girl.