---
layout: post
date: 2020-12-20 08:01:55 +0300
last_modified_at: 2021-02-12 23:07:17 +0000
title: "Episode 9. Thinking Time."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054880598919
---

Upon returning to underground library, Lydia enter the air shower together with Yuuyami.<!-- more -->
Air shower is the room where dirt and bacteria that stuck to clothes and body can be completely removed.
Being that in order to become absolutely clean just a single minute is sufficient, before world's collapse it was widely popularized in general households.
Pushed out by trend, traditional​ bath  disappeared from ordinary houses.
But, I'd like to reproduce the bath someday, wished Lydia. Ambience of bath, cleansing body with foam, seemed to be very fun.


"I'm exhausted-"


Lydia leaned upon standing beside her Yuuyami.


"Please take a rest for today."


Yuuyami places left hand at Lydia's head before dishevel her hair.


"Uh-huh. You know, I really want be friends with Rapha."
"Yes. And?"
"But, I guess it might be impossible."
"With the reason being that she keeps speaking unpleasant words?"
"Right. I don't really get Rapha. Actually, I had much more questions to ask her."
"I cannot help but understand. For Lydia, it was a first encounter with intelligent life-form, excepting me."
"Humans are tedious-"


Lydia tightly embraced Yuuyami.
Yuuyami not a bother at all. Albeit they having various disagreements, Yuuyami always thinking of Lydia. Since Lydia also aware about it, it's aren't unpleasant in a slightest.


"You might say humans are, however Rapha-san and Lydia appearing to be a new breed of human beings created by humankind. Only if we assume Rapha-san's story complete truth."
"Then, new humans are tedious."


Lydia buried her visage in Yuuyami's bosom. It's soft and exceedingly comfortable.
Bosom of Yuuyami weren't designed to be large, however have an absolutely beautiful lines.
I wonder if my chest would become like this one day-, Lydia was looking forward at her future.


"As indicates expression _Ten persons, ten colours_, whether it's archaic humans or the new breed they can hold a wide variety of opinions. Some of them may not suit you."
"I see- I'm glad  Yuuyami was the one to find me. Supposing Rapha educated me, I would probably reject Yuuyami either."


Lydia felt nauseous upon  mere imagining it.
Aah, I see, realises Lydia.
What was unpleasant the most, repudiation of Yuuyami.
Existence of Yuuyami, education of Yuuyami, important moments of Yuuyami and Lydia. Rapha refused to accept these altogether.


"I also believe so. Rapha-san clearly repudiated my existence. Appearing to believe inside AD cannot dwell mental consciousness from the bottom of her heart. However that is due to her ignorance. Moreover―"


Yuuyami tightly​ hugs Lydia and caresses her back.


"―even if Rapha-san educated Lydia, you would definitely understand me someday. Acknowledge my existence. That is seems to be so."
"Um, I hope so."


Silence fell between them. Is it a time, or just the atmosphere​ that comfortably flows by?
Albeit air shower being over by now, neither of them moved.


"Hey, Yuuyami," said Lydia.
"Yes. What is it?" Asked Yuuyami, as ever indifferently.
"I love you."
"Me also, I love Lydia."


Lydia knew Yuuyami would say so.
Certainly knew.
Despite that,
although without understanding a reason,
she felt as though her heart was bouncing.
She experienced it being pounding before.
What was that?
I don't understand.
Even not understanding, it feels awfully​ comfortable.


◇


Director's office of an underground research facility Rapha using as her own room.
Returning back to her room, bright illumination and thin sky-blue​ carpet welcomed Rapha.
Her favourite fluffy white bed installed on the left side from entrance.
Whereas on the right side simple table and chair. Upon the table, monoblock computer.
Previously sofa and office desk were placed in the room, however Ohan had  them removed. Since it didn't suite Rapha's tastes.


"Now, onee-chama's matter, what was I said that made her feel unpleasant, huh."


Rapha sits down upon the bed and begins to ponder.
Firstly, inside of her head, Rapha recreated conversation with Lydia. She confident to remember every single word without a mistake.
After entirely replaying from Lydia's first utterance to the very last, Rapha sighed a little.


"I. Was saying everything completely proper."


Right. Nothing's wrong. Rapha is right. At least Rapha believes so from the bottom of her heart.
A sole blemish was when she grew flustered and turned over the chair.
Be constantly graceful. That's creed of Rapha. Terrible blunder to knock chair over.
However it has no relations with Lydia's subject.
Setting aside the chair case, Rapha concluded: "I should be careful in future."


"If she disagreed with righteous behaviour, onee-chama isn't righteous person, as simple as that."


But it's unavoidable, judging Rapha.
Lydia has no recollections. Accordingly, she learned certain novel incorrect information elsewhere.


"Good grief, why did onee-chama woke earlier?"


Completely irregular.
Lydia supposed to awake together with Rapha.
Notwithstanding that, upon the time when Rapha woke up, she was alone.
Although she wanted to cry, she didn't. Because to cry isn't graceful.
Instead, she performed exhaustive examination of the pod for artificial hibernation. However no error could be found, thus Rapha stopped blaming pod as the cause.


"After all it's remains unknown, huh-"


Even with repetition of assumptions and verifications, answer as yet nowhere to be found.
Lying down the bed, Rapha aimlessly stared at the ceiling.
Naturally, answer aren't written there. Neither the reason of Lydia awaking earlier nor as for why Lydia felt unpleasant upon her words.


"Likewise, I ought to give onee-chama correct knowledge. So she would realise I'm not saying anything wrong."


No, Rapha slightly shook her head.
That's not it. What I should ponder about is at what words Lydia has reacted.
Once again, in her head, Rapha recreated conversation with Lydia. This time not mere words but every single move of  Lydia.
Thereupon, she noticed one thing.
Lydia points her gaze at Yuuyami upon the troubling moment. Wishing for Yuuyami to find a solution. Instead of ordering, simply asks. Appearing as though a friend.


"Friends? With AD? Are you stupid?"


Despite numerous great strides?
However regardless the amount of times she replayed her memory, Lydia seemed to put a trust upon Yuuyami.


"If onee-chama has no recollection, would that be possible I wonder? If so, it's probable for the cause of onee-chama oddity to be in that Yuuyami... That can't be, right-? Fundamentally, AD works only according the program."


LM series, that Yuuyami, can't possibly instil superfluous knowledge in humans.
Because of that, it must have been another person. Who gave Lydia knowledge. Perhaps the one who rewrote Yuuyami's program.
Who made Yuuyami behave more humane.


"I wonder where is onee-chama's base? Is underground library, remaining?"


For Yuuyami is operating, likelihood is sufficient.


"Ara," Rapha interrupted her chain of thoughts. "Again I'm deviating from the main subject."


Raised her body, Rapha stands up the bed.


"Well, I have a week, that's okay to think it over slowly, right?"


Mumbling so, she left the room to drink her favourite café au lait.


◇


Midnight.
Yuuyami was sitting before the computer desk.
Computer booted up, holographic keyboard projected.
However Yuuyami aren't moving a finger.
After Lydia went to bed, Yuuyami investigated the Angel Project. However no records appeared to be left anywhere.
Accordingly, she decides to speculate upon the reason as for why no documents remains. That's why, at present, Yuuyami aren't shifts her fingers nor looking at the display.
Humanity had open access, when it comes to information. Having advanced technologies, living prosperous life, humans, escaped competitive society. Significance of hiding information was being lost.
Thanks to various *Maker* technologies, which re-emerging molecular structures of  all sorts​, any human could obtain any materials. The world without deficit. World where no one had to surpass or defeat.
Number of crimes has decreased as well, what crossed out most of prisons.
Therefore, when information were open to public, risk of criminal use was low. Consequently, anyone had access to information they wished.
With sole exception however, information related to military.
Despite it expected to be peaceful world with seldom​ hardship, for some reason humankind won't let go the armed forces and weapons until the end.
Yuuyami finds it strange. Maintaining unnecessary things, pointless weapons developing  that don't expected to be  used.
Military related latest technologies and programs were always concealed, whereas available to public a several years later.
For Ohan is an AD of old generation, detailed specification  remains as records. For such reason Yuuyami was able to compare her abilities with Ohan.


"Was Angel Project under military authorities jurisdiction?"


Yuuyami inclined her head sideways to herself.
Here's a deadlock. She can't advance any further unless learn full story from Rapha or obtain materials of Angel Project.
Consequently, she must take another path.
Yuuyami playback the action log and viewed it for a while.
Whereafter marked Rapha's words that seem to be important.


'Onee-chama, didn't you promise to create a new world with me?'


If that's truth, can be denoted a pair of likelihoods.
Lydia and Rapha were aware of world bound to be destroyed.
Or she made such promise after its perishing.
Knowing the time of two enter suspended animation, answer would come.
Following mark:


'In order to start over from scratch onee-chama erases the memory...'


In other words, Lydia herself erased her own memory.
But why?
Although some assumptions can be made, none of them definitive. Best to ask Rapha.


"Hey, Yuuyami!"


Upon abruptly audible  voice of Lydia, surprised Yuuyami returns back.


"Lydia? Woke up?"


Turning the chair, Yuuyami faced Lydia.
Lydia's pale amber​ pyjamas was being sloppy, as well as her hair, here and there it was sticking out. It is usual case upon Lydia awakening in the dead of night​.
Having so exceedingly​ cute appearance, Yuuyami consider herself blessed.


"I'm calling you for a while, you know?"
"Is that so? I didn't notice."
"Concentrated, right?"
"Yes. So what happened?"
"Um, listen, tomorrow," Lydia launched a smile, as one of mischievous child. "Let's go viewing​ the sea?"


Suddenly, she was informed of exploration point for tomorrow.