---
layout: post
date: 2020-12-30 11:10:30 +0300
last_modified_at: 2021-02-12 23:26:35 +0000
title: "Episode 19. BD Series, Type・Ohan."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: Jeez, and again I've been writing <i>onee-chama</i> with capital letter... 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054881084456
---
"That was! improper!"


Simultaneously as Lydia removed a device off her head, Rapha approached with such words.
Lydia solidified, whereas sat down the bed.


"Even in a dream, that sort of actions..."


She lost her energy at midway​, so Lydia could nOt hear the second half of sentence.


"What sort of actions?"


Upon Lydia question, Rapha's face turned deep red, afore she cast her eyes downwards.
Unintentionally letting out a short giggle, Lydia removed electrodes off her body.


"Say, what sort of actions?"


Whereafter, asked such once again.


"Th, th tha, that's..."


Rapha stuttered.
With following,


"O, onee-chama is so dissolute, waaaa!"


Rapha cried out, running towards entrance, and, just like that, collides  the door.


"It hurts, waaa!"


Whereupon Rapha shouted anew, opened the door, and only afterwards  left the room.


"How inelegant--."


Shrugs her shoulders Lydia.
Rapha always taught Lydia to splendour of gracefulness.
Nevertheless, Rapha herself aren't so elegant as she believes.


"Is that alright?"


Properly rebooted, Yuuyami walked to Lydia and stood before her.
In right hand Yuuyami held her habitual maid outfit. The one Lydia had fore her prepared.


"What?"
"Wouldn't it better to chase after her?"
"She'll be alright. Rapha, perhaps, just chose to leave the two of us in private."
"Pardon?"


Yuuyami inclines her head sideward.


"Although Rapha complicated and ultra-troublesome child, she has no particular need to leave, I think."
"Ha--."
"Just my guess."


Slightly widened her arms Lydia.
Rapha being complicated and mysterious as ever​. Speech and conduct​s were not always consist​ with the feelings of her heart. Hence, one should guess the actual intentions.
Of course, provided that a guess was correct, therein no guarantee.


"At any rate, it's been a long time."


_Bop, bop_, Lydia tapped bed. Gesturing to sit next to her.


"We met only a moment ago. Inside of the dream."


Upon precise insight of  Lydia's gesture, Yuuyami sat beside her.


"It's been a while, in the world of reality."
"Your truth. It appears to me that I have been down for quite a long time."
"I missed you."
"Pray excuse me."
"It's alright, after all Yuuyami was lonely either, weren't you?"
"Yes. Awfully."
"What was it like? Quantum brain of Yuuyami is—somewhat—operating. Did you knew that yourself?"
"Yes. However, merest darkness resides therein."
"Darkness..."
"Indeed. Withal, I have always been thinking of Lydia. Thus was able to endure it."
"I see."


Moving closer, Lydia leaned on Yuuyami.


"Incidentally​, within that darkness I came across rather uncanny existence."
"Was it an iris flower?"


Asked Lydia; Yuuyami widely opened her eyes.


"How did you find out? Were you monitoring me?"
"It's different. I met them in my dream either. They are an intelligent life-form."
"Indeed. Certainly appeared to have intelligence."
"Though, as yet their identity remains foreign."
"If so, shall we ascertain them someday."
"Right."


Silence.
That is an exceedingly​ pleasant silence.
Lydia's heart was pounding as she touches Yuuyami in the physical world.
Now, Lydia knew the meaning of that pounding.
Hence she accepted it, whereas entrusted herself to it.


◇


When Rapha went out the underground research facility, Ohan was standing ahead.


"Ohan."


Upon calling, Ohan pays look at her over the shoulder.


"Ojou-sama. Done?"
"Yes. It was successful. Yuuyami has rebooted, there's no problem."
"Is that so."


Rapha walked to Ohan and stopped beside him.


"Therefore, onee-sama will go."
"Where?"
"Who knows," Rapha shrugs her shoulders. "To somewhere, other than here. She was frequently saying of departing on exploration throughout the world​ together with Yuuyami."
"Is that so."
"And once again I will be left alone, right?"
"It is different."
"Different?"


Rapha rose her gaze up at Ohan, afore her eyes met Ohan's vermilion visual sensor.


"I am always, will  be with ojou-sama."
"Wah, Ohan isn't a person."
"I am aware. Just stating the fact."
"Ohan's tends to be impertinent. Is it, perhaps, influence of onee-chama? Or else since you touched Yuuyami's emotions?"
"Both. If this is not to ojou-sama liking, I will remove the log, turning back to my state of a month ago?"


Rapha thought it over for a moment,


"Can you place me on your shoulder?" she asked.
"Understood."


Ohan picked Rapha up and placed her upon the right shoulder.


"What a great view-"


Desolate world. Neglected up to horizon. Rapha didn't hate such a landscape.


"Ohan."
"Yes."
"It's unnecessary to erase your log. After all, you diligently listen to my commands, aren't you? So, there's no problem."
"Understood."


Following a breath of spring breeze, Rapha's peach hair swayed.
Whereafter Rapha tightly clung to Ohan's head.


"Onee-chama herself, will be going away... But, I am, unable to prevent it."


Over this month, Rapha came to understanding a present Lydia.
If Lydia said she would go exploring the world, she definitely will.
Even in case if I get in the way, undoubtedly would be brushed aside.
Supposing I ask her to stay, she will smile, while saying: "I want to see the world with Yuuyami."


"Why are not you going with her, ojou-sama?"
"Ohan is fool​ as before, huh... I, have no interest in world exploration."
"Is that so."
"So it is. That's why, I won't go with her... I wish to study here so much as onee-chama desiring to explore the world..."
"Someday, paths would come across."
"I think so. Hope so."


Actually, Lydia should have been wake up together with Rapha, learn with her, and create the world together with her.
But, Lydia woke up alone, studied with Yuuyami, will explore, and create the world together with Yuuyami.
It's lonely, and sad.
However, it cannot be helped.
Lydia isn't a doll. She has regular life and volition​.
Just like Rapha.


"Before onee-chama will go, I have to talk to her, huh--."


Regarding Angel Project, about themselves.
And finally,
concerning the person, who destroyed this world.


◇


Dressed in her familiar maid outfit, Yuuyami alone egresses outside.
Thereafter, she noticed Rapha, sitting upon Ohan's shoulder.
Yuuyami turns breathless, for situation was so picturesque.


"Ca, can you put me down, quickly!?"


At noticing Yuuyami, Rapha flusteredly made such request.
Yuuyami couldn't understand the reason of her being in such rush. Even though they looked very beautiful.
Ohan brings Rapha back on the ground.


"What are you doing here?"


Primly said Rapha, as though her impatience from moment ago was a lie.


"I wanted to have a little, chat with Ohan."
"Even though I've left you two alone, is it already enough?"
"Yes. Thank you very much."
"And onee-chama?"
"Drinking _café au lait_​."
"Wah, I want to drink some too!"


_Jog, jog_, Rapha ran down the stairs, afore disappearing within the underground research facility.


"Ohan."


Yuuyami walked forth to Ohan.


"Yes."


Ohan didn't move.


"Thank you very much."
"What is it for?"
"For facilitation my processing, and for transmission my feelings, to Lydia."
"Is that so."
"At first, I was afraid of you."
"Is that so."


Ohan's voice was flat as ever.


"However now, I'm no longer afraid. You're very kind AD."
"Is that so."
"Lydia was right. If one wouldn't speak, wouldn't get involved, they could never be able to understand anything. Not you nor Rapha-san."


Due to Yuuyami's fear of being destroyed by Ohan, she willed to avoid approaching Rapha and Ohan.
Withal that, Lydia, carefree, with enthusiasm, twisted the throttle and advanced forth the two.
It appears as though only yesterday.


"Ohan treats Rapha-san, with great care​, aren't you?"
"I do not understand."
"Didn't you placed her on your shoulder?"
"Because I was ordered to."
"Mm..."


Slightly shrugged shoulders Yuuyami.


"Is this the end of conversation?"


Likewise, Ohan was unconcerned.


"One more thing. Before long, we shall return to the library."
"Yes."
"But, we would be coming again."
"Yes."
"Upon that occasion, would it be alright to play​ together?"
"Play?"
"Indeed. Will that be okay?"
"I do not understand it properly, but I do my best."
"Yes. Please, do. If anything, not myself but Lydia appeared eager to play with Ohan."


Broadly smiled Yuuyami.


"Lydia-sama?"
"Yes. A moment ago, I heard various things regarding Rapha-san and Ohan. Lydia consider Ohan is cool."
"Cool?"
"Indeed. You are sparkling, large, and strong looking. She appears wishing to play with such you."
"Play..."


Of course, a military AD, Ohan, has no concept of plays. Yuuyami aware of that. Nevertheless, if they would teach him, he should be able to play.
Albeit Ohan's quantum brain of an old type, by no means a simple one.


"If it would snowing, we could have snowball fight, however it won't snow for a while. Therefore, I guess, board game shall be good."
"Board game..."
"Yes. I'm sure Ohan will be good at it. Well, then."


Smiled Yuuyami, afore turning on her heels.


◇


Solitary, Ohan was rising upon the land.
While executing his guarding duty,
over and over again words of Yuuyami were reproduced in the quantum brain.
And each time, the last scene was being paused.
The scene, where Yuuyami smiled, saying, "Well, then."
Ohan clipped out that moment, and saved it as snapshot.
Then, attached a label to the data - _'important.'_
Ohan didn't understand why he did so.
But one thing, is certain.


"Yuuyami, beautiful."


Blown by the wind, these murmured words vanished peacefully​.