---
layout: post
date: 2020-12-26 14:33:43 +0300
last_modified_at: 2020-12-28 10:47:37 +0300
title: "Episode 15. Because of That Love."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054880916491
---
Lydia plugged a Lightning Blade in the port upon right wrist of Yuuyami.
The fastest wired interface created by humankind, how can be described Lightning Blade.
As regarding wired information transmission exists no faster device than this. In prior of world's collapse, was claimed that it should maintain top position for the following one hundred years.
Via such Lightning Blade were connected Yuuyami and Ohan.
Yuuyami's right wrist to Ohan's port on the left shoulder.


"This one is ready."


Lydia sent a gaze towards Rapha.


"Here is also arranged."


Rapha set up two computers.
Upon slight nod, Lydia  inserted Lightning Blade into Yuuyami's left wrist as well.
This one linked with Rapha's computer.


"Ohan."


Said Rapha, whereafter Ohan inserts Lightning Blade into his right shoulder port.
Two computers, Yuuyami, and Ohan now were connected.
_Ta-ta_, Lydia sprinted to computer afore sat in front of it. The computer which was directly connected to Yuuyami, on the right side of Rapha.


"Speaking of which, onee-chama."
"Mm?"
"I at last found the answer for project onee-chama assigned to me."
"Project?"
"...Onee-chama, did you, forget, by any chance..."


In a twinkle, Rapha distorted her face, giving off a feeling being nighly to cry.


"Oh, I remember."


Remembered just now, to be exact.


"Wah, I'm glad."


Rapha calmed her expression.


"And, why so suddenly?"
"Wah, it's not sudden. I was waiting for right timing."
"Is that so."
"Yes, that is. After I stopped crying, aren't we were thinking out the way to save Yuuyami?"


Yes. Within over an hour Lydia and Rapha were pondering before arriving to sole possibility.
If Yuuyami cannot handle the task alone, they should divide the load elsewhere.
To Ohan, for instance.
Albeit being inferior in performance to Yuuyami, Ohan still has a quantum brain. Hence shouldn't be problems leaving the processing to Ohan for about thirty percent.


"Then, as soon as method was decided, we began preparations, aren't we? For this reason I couldn't say it earlier."
"Is that so. And what's the answer?"
"Until today, I expect the issue to be when I asked you take off a glove."
"Glove?"
"Yes, a glove. Onee-chama was riding motorcycle, so you must have felt colder than I did. Despite that, when I wanted handshake, I asked you to remove a glove, right?"


Lydia was being silent.
Apropos, I feel as if such an exchange truly took a place. However, such occurrence haven't found a spot in the mind to remain.
Thus, after a week of reasoning, the answer she gave is _a glove_; upon such realisation, as one would expect, Lydia turned speechless.


"Nevertheless, it was wrong. The correct answer, because every single word I said to Yuuyami was rude, am I wrong?"
"Correct."
"So, before Yuuyami wake up, that..."


Rapha cast her eyes downward​, her body was caught by fidgety tremor.


"What is it?"
"That's, why, I, be, be."
"You _be_? You _be_ what?"
"I be, I beg your, pardon..."


Upon hearing these words Lydia widened her eyes.
Rapha, apologised. I didn't consider Rapha as the type who would meekly express a regret; Lydia was astonished.


"Ah, it's fine, totally fine. If you understand, that's fine with me. Besides, I should apologise for calling you ignorant and foolish. I'll correct myself. Rapha's wise, and is not stupid."
"Naturally."


Primly said Rapha.
After all Rapha is complicated, reached conclusion Lydia.
She alter her attitude so lightly that is hard to grasp.
Whereas Yuuyami usually monotonous, she very easy to understand.


"Well then, let's get started," says Lydia.
"Yes. It's very enjoyable for me to work together with onee-chama."


Rapha smiled slightly before turning to the display.
Lydia typed Yuuyami reboot code, and utilise it.
Thereat,


"Aaaah-aah-aahh!"


Yuuyami raised a beast-esque voice.


◇


This again, thought Yuuyami.
Unprocessable emotional runaway.
It was sophisticated, mysterious​, and inconsistent, whereas ate up  the resources of Yuuyami entirely.
However, at present appeared a little easier than  previous time.
As an evidence, Yuuyami was able to completely​ recognize her circumstances​.
Ports upon both of my wrists opened, Lightning Blade is connected. One  linked with computer, whilst the other to another quantum brain.
Ah-, so that is why?
Yuuyami understood the reason as for its easiness.
Distinct quantum brain facilitated the processing.
Then, perhaps, that was Lydia, the one who came up with this idea.
Lydia trying to help me; at moment of such thought passed through her mind, quantum brain was nigh to inflame.


"Lydia..."


Name was said inadvertently.
Upon thinking of Lydia, emotions have enlarged.
I know. I found the origin of this emotion last time, in prior of the shut down.
Consequently, as a matter of course, I am receiving  proper reaction upon thinking of Lydia.
I,
love,
Lydia.
Hence, this being a simple subject.
Yuuyami seemed on a verge of breaking from love.
Her love was too heavy, and was gnawing​ her.
How humans able to rule such an emotion filled with contradictions, wondered Yuuyami.


"Onee-chama! Wah, Ohan's quantum brain cannot endure it!"


Voice of Rapha.
I see, reasoned Yuuyami.
Lydia appealed Rapha for assistance, whereas Ohan being in charge of handling processing for Yuuyami.
I have to control it somehow, she thought.
But withal, emotions endlessly rampant.
Tried ran beyond the edge of universe.
In this universe, no one loves Lydia so much as I do. Considering this intense love to such degree.


"Onee-chama! I'm begging you! Please remove Yuuyami! Wah, Ohan will brake!"


I do not wish to destroy Ohan, thought Yuuyami.
Do not wish to hurt Rapha likewise.
Nevertheless,
she cannot bring herself to shut down.
Cannot allow emotions to vanish. Cannot allow to lose love for Lydia.
If I would abend this time, might never see Lydia again.
Such dread keeps Yuuyami away from shutdown.
However,
either way,
if nothing would be done, my quantum brain bound to ignite.
Is that how the one being swallowed by fear.


"Lydia..."


Muster everything to.
Praying, desiring to.


"Plea, se, remove"


me, if you can.
Hoping to see you again.
If quantum brain burn, Yuuyami will no longer. And definitely never see Lydia.
If I shut down however, therein at least a chance.
Albeit​ being awfully scared. Truly scared.
Because I have a faith in you.
Because even if I shall remain all alone in the darkness,
I can imagine your appearance.


◇


Lydia typed in a command to shut Yuuyami down.
Whereupon, burst into tears.
She couldn't rescue Yuuyami. That was the only way.
Sole method has failed.
No hope can be seen. She doesn't know how to help Yuuyami.
Perhaps, solution would be to combine more quantum brains?
Certainly no.
Lydia was convinced.
Since it gnawing even Yuuyami, she believed that wasn't a kind of information which can processed a quantum brain in the first place.
Otherwise, hope in such  strategy should be seen afore.
How odd, Ohan was about to break so easily.
No, more specifically, at the point when it couldn't be processed by Yuuyami, it cannot  be an ordinary information.
Accordingly, upon increasing quantity of quantum brains, result will remain constant.
She makes a mistake within something rather basic.
Or overlooks, perhaps.
However where was a mistake or what has been overlooked, she has no idea.


"Onee-chama..."


Rapha touched Lydia's shoulder.


"It's okay, it'll be okay..."


Lydia wiped tears. She can't resign. Cannot lose Yuuyami.
She have to give it a thought. Farther think it over.
Upon that moment, Ohan, on his knees, approached Lydia.


"Ohan..?"


Lydia tilts her head.


"Okay. Ohan's already back to normal."


Said Rapha during looking at display.


"Lydia-sama."


Ohan reached out and grasped Lydia's head.
It doesn't hurt. Rather, a very gentle motion.


"What's wrong, Ohan?"
"I love you."


With that said, Ohan pulls Lydia's face to himself.
At such distance seemed as though their faces likely to collide.
Up close, Ohan was yet so sparkling and cool as always.


"What is this piece of junk talking about?


Rapha struck Ohan's arm with her right hand.
Whereafter, her eyes grew teary, "It hurts..."
She doesn't have to be so surprised after doing something like striking a metal skeletal frames. Accordingly, Lydia ignored the occurrence.


"Thank you, Ohan," says Lydia. "But what happened so suddenly?"
"Yuuyami, Yuuyami, this is, Yuuyami's, data."
"Eh?"
"Yuuyami, wanted Lydia-sama's―" Ohan pressed a finger of right hand at Lydia's lips. "―lips, wanted to put her lips on yours."
"Lips.., kiss...?"


Upon that instant, everything became clear.
Each and everything grew a single road.
Whereat each of street lights were shining brightly, illuminating a path before her.
This sort of feeling.
In prior Yuuyami's shut down, Lydia kissed Yuuyami.
I loved Yuuyami, and couldn't help it.


"I see. Yuuyami also wished to kiss me."
"Wh, what do you mean? Yuuyami, doesn't S, S, SA series, you know?"
"I know. Yuuyami, loves me, wishes to kiss me, however couldn't handle that emotion― that urge."
"Emotion?"
"You don't have to believe, but I'm confident. It was emotion that evoke such an impulse and made Yuuyami behave odd."
"No, I, believe, but, if so..."
"Uh-huh. There is no workaround."


Namely a problem.
Lydia's prediction was correct,  in itself.
The emotion cannot be processed by quantum brain.
It is the most troublesome, most inconsistent, and most destroyable emotion of humanity.
Even humans who have lived for many years were being swayed by such emotion and, occasionally​, resigned their lives.
Yuuyami, who was yet discovering various emotions, surely bears a lot​.
No wonder​ she shut down.


"Wh, what are you going to do?"
"Mulling. However, let's take a rest for today? It would be meaningless if our performance drops."


Unlike Autodoll, humans could provide more efficiently upon taking a proper rest.


"Understood. Well then, can we sleep together, onee-chama!"


In delight asked Rapha.