---
layout: post
date: 2020-12-16 07:58:29 +0300
last_modified_at: 2021-02-12 22:57:19 +0000
title: "Episode 3. End of the Girl and the Lady."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/4852201425154961422
---


Lady couldn't hide her astonishment upon the growth rate of little girl.
Ten months have passed since the beginning of her education, however the knowledge which should be taught to the girl has mostly dried up by now. In just two more months lady shall tutor her everything.<!-- more -->
Although _everything_ is only the information possessed by an adult human being, not truth of the universe.
Inasmuch as girl has an abnormally high abilities, lady often had to rewrite the educational subroutine. But it wasn't a torment for her in a slightest. Rather lady gleefully kept rewriting it.
Being that lady couldn't help but feel a tremendous happiness of the girl's growth. Since she wished to have an equal friend as soon as possible.


"Nevertheless, the level of her abilities doesn't appear likely to be hold by a human being."


Lady murmured a mere few words​ as she headed toward the computer.
Thereafter, she slowly turned her head over her shoulder to sent a glance upon exhausted and sleeping girl.
_Whump_, girl was turning over during a sleep. Lady found the movement so adorable that smile appears on her face.
Lady didn't have to sleep so instead, during girl sleeps, she made amendments to educational subroutine. Undoubtedly, this shall be the latest revision.
Lady returns her eyes to the computer.
While running her fingers upon the holographic keyboard, in the nook​ of her quantum brain lady speculated about a girl.
The girl who wake up from suspended animation, who wander around, until eventually collapsed.
Who she is?
For what reason girl was in the suspended animation?
Why the girl having no recollection?
Perhaps she is a special human. Level of her intelligence is so excessive that a possibility of putting her to sleep until other humans would catch up appears to be probable.
Girl didn't have remembrance​ of her past, would it be reasonable to guess that artificial hibernation was incomplete or has something went wrong?
Lately lady have been continuously speculating about nothing but the girl.


"Hey, listen."


Suddenly, she was called from behind.
Lady didn't notice a presence of the girl and was a little surprised.
Or else, if the girl had disappeared she would have been too focused to notice.


"What is it?"


While saying that, lady sent a gaze over her shoulder.
Girl's blue pyjamas was being sloppy.
Lady stood up from her seat and aligned girl's clothes.


"You know, I had a weird dream."


Girl rubbed her eyes during saying it.


"A dream?"


Lady never dreams.
Autodoll never dreams.


"Yes. A purple flower appeared there."
"I see. Shall we learn about it with oneiromancy?"
"What is that?"
"A divination​ of dreams based on hypotheses​ that it composed of one's latent desires and some other implications."
"Divination​ of dreams?"
"That's right. Shall we?"
"Uh-huh. Sounds interesting."


Girl smiles.
Girl has a messy hair due to her sleeping habit, lady found it cute.
Normally in this case lady would brush her hair, but at present reached conclusion that she didn't have to. Not because girl looks adorable, but since lady guessed that girl would go to sleep once again.


"Which flower was that?"


Lady showed a table of purple flowers on the computer display.


"M―mn," girl touches a display with her right hand. "Probably this one."
"An iris?"
"Iris?"
"This flower means a rainbow."
"Sparking."
"Yes. These are lovely seven prismatic colours."
"What is the divination​?"
"Pure amour, an amour fulfilment."
"Amour, what is it?"
"I guess it's similar to holding a love for a particular person and the desire to be with them forever."
"Then, I am in amour with you."
"Eh?"


An unforeseen statement made lady shoot her eyes open.


"After all, I want to be with you forever, you know? Are you different?"
"No. I'm also thinking this way."


That's not a lie. Lady cannot imagine a future without the girl.
Action log of the period when girl wasn't here is remaining, and can  retrieve at any time.
However the future is different. That's no more than a mere conjectures.
And in lady's conjectures regarding the future, girl was always by her side.


"It fulfilled, right," girl smiled and
"That's right," lady patted her head.


Actually an insight towards _amour_ of the girl is slightly off, guessed lady.
However haven't pronounced it.
Having her head caressed felt good and girl closed her eyes.
Right after that, just like that, breath of the little girl has slowed down.
Lady picked a girl up and laid her on the futon.
By the time when lady returned to computer desk, a question about identity of the girl became irrelevant to her.
Girl is her lovable partner and before long shall take a place of an equal friend.
That is enough.


◇


Only about a year has passed since lady started educating the girl.
Over that year, girl mastered all the basis of education. No, girl absorbed far beyond knowledge. At present girl became an equal existence with lady.


"Well, then, I shall issue a knowledge certificate."


Lady transmitted a knowledge certificate from her computer tablet to the tablet of the girl.
In a perished world, this certificate of no use whatsoever. Nevertheless, lady wished to visualise the fact of girl becoming an equal to her.
The knowledge certificate stated: "Sufficiently necessary knowledge proved to be contained inside of your ultra-parallel computer 'brain'".
And attached following: "With this, you and me are an equal friends. I'm looking forward to work with you again".
Heart of the lady was filled with a sense of accomplishment.


"Wha―i," girl peers into the tablet and launches a smile. "So now I'm full-fledged individual either?"
"Yes."


Lady strongly nodded.
Since girl's brain was exceedingly overwhelming the one of a typical human being,  educational subroutine was rewritten plenty of times.
From lady's standpoint it surely  was a nice miscalculation. In mere one year girl gained the ability of a stand-alone living.
Supposing if she was an average human, it should have taken a ten years of education.
If humanity was still alive and well, without a doubt, girl must been called this way.
A genius.
Girl's abilities would have greatly contributed to the leap of humanity. And yet, the human race is no longer, and only her, Autodoll, was in the world.


"I've been thinking."


Says the girl. Her azure pupils were glittering. Although a light of the chandelier is not reflected.


"What is it?"


Lady inclined her head sideways.


"Since I was approved as an individual, I want a name."
"A name?"
"Yes. Name. I guess you need one either."


Lady doesn't think so. For they were alone in this world, a proper nouns having not much a point. There is no opportunity to differentiate from other intelligent life-forms.
Mere 'I' and 'you' exists here. It is invariant​ from her point of view or the point of view of the little girl. If that's a case, they bound to continue with 'I' and 'you' as before.  
However,


"You may think of name in consideration a possibility of encountering another intelligent life-form hereafter."


lady lives efficiently and logically. Hence ignorant of conclusions from reasoning. She does not afraid to adopt to something novel as well.
For evolution changes are necessary. It is impossible to continuously doing the same thing and gain a different results.


"Alright!" girl, with her hands together, expresses her joy. "You know, I would like you to think up a name for me. I'd wish to ask could I please choose the name for you, but I've already pondered of your name." 
"Eh?"
"Ah, was it no good?"


For lady was a little surprised, pouting girl hung her head down.


"No, no at all," lady shakes both of her hands in panic; "no, not bad at all. Rather I'm happy. I was just slightly surprised."
"Really?"


Girl turned her gaze up to look upon the lady.
Heart of lady tightly squeezed. However, the tightening by no means an unpleasant. On the contrary, there was an instant desire to hug a girl.
However lady restrains herself.


"That is the truth. I'm really, really pleased that you pondered of a name for me."
"Good–."


_Phew_, hearing lady's words, girl stroked down her chest in relief.
Shortly thereafter, girl showed a smile that looks as though she come up with a mischief.


"Want to hear it?"


Whereas lady expected to hear a name, girl merely made the air more pretentious. Lady quickly realised, girl was enjoying such an exchange. 
Therefore, decided to go along with girl's delivery.


"Of course," lady leaned forward and then "Quickly," complained. "Please tell me."


What kind of name girl will give me? Although lady doesn't have a heart, she had a feeling of her heart pounding in an uplifted mood.


"Um. You're very kind, you know?"
"Is that so?"


For lady it is unknown whether she kind, ethics subroutine functioning normally.


"That's right. Didn't you notice it yourself?"
"Yes, I didn't recognise it."
"Then recognise it now."
"Yes. I am kind."
"All right."


Puffing her chest  out, girl  smiled.


"Well, your hair looks like a deep darkness, isn't it beautiful?"
"Like a, darkness?"


It was a rare expression, judged lady. Usually you'd simply describe it as a black hair.


"Uh-huh. Poetic and wonderful, right?"
"Indeed. A wordplay."


Girl likes literature and poetry.


<p markdown="1">"Therefore, your name is written as _Yuu_ and _Yami_ - _Yuuyami_. How is it?"[^1]</p>
[^1]: first - is part of 優しい [Yasashii] - kind, gentle, graceful, 優 [Yuu], while second - 闇 [Yami] - darkness;

Girl fixed her gaze directly upon the lady. Her pupils had a mixture of slight anxiety and great anticipation.
Lady began verification of the name _Yuuyami_.
Before anything else, the sound. Yuuyami. Flawless. Lovely. 
Yuuyami. Absolutely beautiful.
Next is the kanji. *Kind*, *darkness*.
Normally _darkness_ doesn't use much as a description of something nice. However girl is different. _Kind darkness_. Whereas one drifting upon the sea of ​​consciousness, life is surely begirt by the kind darkness. Lady reckoned in such manner.


"I like it," smiles lady. "Thank you very much. I am pleased with it."


That's the truth. Lady fundamentally can't lie. Not because she don't have to, but since lady doesn't possess such subroutine. Lady doesn't feel  necessity to create that sort of subroutine hereafter as well.


"Hoora―y."


Girl showed a triumphant pose.


"Well, then, I have to choose a name for you."
"Uh-huh. Give me a cute name."


Girl pointed a gaze full of anticipation upon the lady.
Lady picked one hundred names which were popular amongst Caucasian females from the database.
Then, she layers every single of these one hundred names over the girl, one at the time. And proceed comparison names and mental image of the girl.
This is	 very important. Mentally and physically it should be as close to the girl as possible. Name Pochi rarely associated with a lion.
Association. Lady's database a structure of general relations, in which data constellation are linked. Therefore, simultaneously​ with a name, meaning can also be superimpose over the girl.
Founded a certain name, lady suspended operation. She felt as though a name was suitable for the girl.


<p markdown="1">"How about _Lydia_?"</p>
[^3]: kingdom - [Lydia - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lydia), <br>asteroid - [110 Lydia - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/110_Lydia);

The word Lydia has nearly no associations. The name of asteroid, or so relevant as a name of flourished bygone kingdom.[^3] In other words, name is close to blank paper.
Girl has lost her recollection and began anew, similar to blank paper. Therefore, since it has a seldom​ implications, lady reached a conclusion it would be a nice name for the girl, any meaning can be acquired in the future.
Moreover, the name Lydia sounds exceedingly nice.

"Lydia, Lydia... Um, cute."


At contentment, girl smiled to signify her delight.


"Well, then,  you  are Lydia and I am Yuuyami hence."
"Uh-huh. Although both of us can work stand-alone, we can help each other as well. That's to say, friends. Please take care of me, Yuuyami."
"Yes; likewise, please, Lydia."


Lady became Yuuyami,
girl became Lydia.