---
layout: post
date: 2020-12-22 07:23:51 +0300
updated: 
title: "Episode 11. Beach Shutdown."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054880718485
---

Lydia was driving the bike toward south.
Upon tandem seat was Yuuyami, with backpack behind. <!-- more -->
Being motorcycle maintain one hundred kilometres per hour, they expect to reach seashore in thirty minutes.
Ultimately, rain continued six days straight.
However, Lydia didn't complain. As the reason, she was absorbed in project of building Maker Factory.
The pair instructed ten toil AD to advance construction of Maker Factory, and departed library first thing in the morning.
After sea viewing, they plan to return to library at noon, get through with lunch, and head to Rapha.
Approximately twenty-five minutes after pair left library. They went beyond the area of forty kilometres radius, explored afore by Yuuyami.
Familiar parched​ land gradually grew to blend with different colours.
Under the bed of sky-blue, vibrates olive, pea green, white and deep peach colours.
That was incredible paysage.
Lydia slows down and stopped motorcycle.


"Vegetation​?"


Murmurs Lydia.


"So it seems. I shall collect a sample."


Accompanied by Lydia, Yuuyami got off the motorcycle.
Upon dismounting the bike, somehow feeling was different from usual.
Lydia looked down her feet,  beneath her boots sprouts grass could be found.
So this a sensation of grass, judged Lydia.
With following, "Amazing-!" rising of voice


"What is it?" Asked Yuuyami.
"Eh? Er, because there's plants​?"
"Not a question, just a bit ambiguous?"
"Um. Somehow, I thought it was amazing so I unintentionally said it, I wonder if that was a reason."
"I see."


Yuuyami removed her backpack and take out a vial for samples.
Thereon, crouches down and collected just a  one deep-pink flower.
Lifting the picked flower high up to degree she could see sun through, Yuuyami firmly fixed her gazed upon it.


"Armeria maritima."[^1]
"What kind of flower is this?"
"Originally, flower growing wild at the coast and is very durable."
"Durable?"
"Yes. Probably be better to paraphrase it as drought-tolerant."
"Whichsoever it is."


Giggled Lydia and crouches down.
Whereafter, reached out her hand to ascertain a tactile sensation of the grass.


"Hey stop," says Yuuyami.
"Eh?" Lydia looked over her shoulder.


<p markdown="1">Yuuyami put thrift in the vial and closed its cap.</p>
[^1]:  same as thrift, [Armeria maritima - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Armeria_maritima);

"Being that some plants might hold a virulence, please refrain from touching it thoughtlessly."
"Eh-? I want to touch it-"
"Please, await my recognition. I shall perform it in a moment​."


With that said, Yuuyami shifts her gaze to grass which Lydia tried to touch.


"Yes, alright. You may touch it without any problems."


It was truly a moment. Took less than second.


"Wha-i."


Coming into contact with grass, Lydia enjoyed sensation whereas holding it between her fingers, stroking, and tracing it.
In such way Lydia played with grass for a short while.


"You seem having fun, aren't you," said Yuuyami.
"Uh-huh. I'm touching a living plant for the first time."


Albeit usual salad of  Lydia diet also consist of plants, that just a reproduction. Therein no consciousness nor life.


"Hey-, Yuuyami, plants are amazing, aren't they?"
"Why?"
"To survive even under destroyed world."
"Yes, your truth."
"Plants have consciousness as well, right?"
"It is not. These are primitive organisms."
"Well then," Lydia stands up. "Is it possible for plants to evolve into intelligent life-forms such as us?"
"That would be a little arduous, isn't it?"
"Impossible?"
"I am not ready to make assertions. Append it as new project?"
"Um―m," Lydia displayed thoughtful gesture. "More or less, well let's add it. However priority should be low, I guess."
"Understood."
"In addition, how about beautifully landscaping library environs?"
"Sounds good. Paysage is important. However present landscape resembling a burnt field are not evoke my loathe likewise."
"Burnt field!?"
"It is a metaphor," Yuuyami tilts her head.
"I know that, but *burnt field*," Lydia smiles.
"Is it bizarre?"
"Rather than bizarre, um―m, it was amusing for me, I feel."
"Is that so. That was not my intention, however I consider it good in case of it being amusing."
"Uh-huh. Keep saying such from now on either."
"Remarks which would unintentionally entertain Lydia?"
"That would be difficult, just a bizarre metaphors."
"Yet it was bizarre after all."


Yuuyami tittered, together with her giggled Lydia.
Upon that time, a gust of wind​ passed through,
living under the perished world plants shook.
Ah, they are laughed together with us, thought Lydia.
She felt akin to being blessed by the world.


<p>&nbsp;</p><p>◇</p><p>&nbsp;</p>


"Amazing! Blue! Crispy! Water!"


Immediately after arriving at the sea, Yuuyami calmly admired Lydia dismount the motorcycle and was frolicking around.
Simultaneously​, verifying Lydia's expressions.
*Blue* refer to the sea, *crispy*  sensation of sandy beach whereupon Lydia was jumping. Latter, the *water*, would be exactly the sea, concluded Yuuyami.


"Oh-, silky!"


Lydia scooped sand with both of her hands and watched it spilling through the gaps between her fingers.
Spilled sand reflect a sunlight, was sparkling and shining.
When all the sand spilled, Lydia scooped it again with both hands.
Thus, once again it was spilling from gaps between her fingers.


"You seem having fun, aren't you."
"Uh-huh!"


Lydia grew a smile.


"Today bring lots of joy."


Yuuyami removed backpack and take out container, aiming to bring back seawater.
And then, upon her rising a face,
Lydia was running.
Straight towards the water.


"Eh?"


She weren't able to properly comprehend reason of Lydia run.
Is she wishing to draw near the sea, or something, wondered Yuuyami.
Lydia jumped.
Head towards​ the water.
Human beings cannot fly aloft to the sky. However, feasibly, in case of new human breed, for them it may be possible to fly. Upon following instant of  Yuuyami consideration the possibility.
Lydia fell into sea with especially great splash.


"Lydia!?"


Likewise new humans cannot fly, calmly analyses Yuuyami.
Yes, whereas that expected to be calm analysis.
Simultaneously​ with calling Lydia's name, she found herself running, tossing container away.
Upon such realisation however, she has no intentions of stoppage.
At occasion of Yuuyami arrival to foreshore​ with velocity twice as high as Lydia,


"Uwah-! Cold! Salty! Clammy-!"


girl vigorously​ rushed out the water.


"Are you alright? You are not get injured?"


Yuuyami offers right hand.


"I'm not hurt."


Trembling Lydia  shook her head, whereupon took Yuuyami' hand.
Yuuyami lifted​ Lydia up.


"But it's awfully cold..."


Lydia let go of Yuuyami's hand and hugged shoulders with both arms.


"Current season is not suitable for swimming. Likewise for breaking into the water in clothes, I believe."


During saying these words, Yuuyami began removing her maid wear.


"Why are you undressing?"
"You undress likewise, Lydia, please. I shall adjust my cooling system to raise your body temperature."
"Er?"
"Your body grew cold, am I wrong? I do not believe it is agreeable to leave you in such condition, thus I shall warm you up."
"Like a soup?"
"I have no memory of warming up a soup."


Being re-emerged against simple Food Maker soup, warm from the beginning.


"It's jest-"


Lydia also begins to undress.
Yuuyami spread out maid clothes upon sandy beach whereat she sat down.


"Yuuyami body's so smooth."


Lydia firmly gazes at Yuuyami.


"So it is. Being that it's not having installed unnecessary organs. Well, it is holds a potential of attaching them later. I am also compatible with SA series pseudo-genitalia. However before that, please quickly undress."
"Wait, I'll take it off now."
"Please hand it over to me  afterwards."
"Okay-"


Lydia obediently stripped and passes her clothes.
Yuuyami folded Lydia' clothes and put them behind. Being that maid outfit is also there, Lydia' garments shouldn't get sandy.
When Lydia warms up, as following I have to dry her outfit, thought Yuuyami.


"What is SA series?"


Removed every single piece of her clothing, Lydia sat down in _petan_ and clings to Yuuyami.
Yuuyami returns Lydia a gentle embrace.


"Sex Assist. Series for satisfy humans' sexual desire."
"Sounds like Rapha would hate this series."
"Might be so."


Yuuyami caresses Lydia's back with both hands.


"Although Yuuyami warms me up, it might be a little hot."
"Pardon me. I shall slightly reduce my body temperature."
"Thank you."
"It is okay. I do not wish you to get a cold burn​."


Whereas saying, Yuuyami stroked Lydia's hair with her fingers being a comb.
Of course, with aim to dry it.
Lydia closed her eyes in beatitude.
For a while, pair were clinging one to another in such manner.
When all of sudden, Yuuyami found herself surrender the feeling resembling a dream.
Despite never seeing dreams.
But, this, this is reality,
or perhaps a dream, she wondered.
Possibly I am within an everlasting, protracted, dream.
Supposing it being sooth, I'm begging, please do not wake up.
I am blissed.


"Yuuyami, is it enough yet?" Asked Lydia.
"So it is."


Repatriated inward the material world, Yuuyami parting her hands of Lydia.


"Now I'm warmed up. Thank you. I love you."


These are frequent words of Lydia, she loves Yuuyami. Yuuyami often responds as: "Me also."
That is the usual case. Nothing exceptional can be found there. As though mere confirmation of importance to each other.
However, today was different.
Afore Yuuyami could open her mouth to reply, Lydia' lips comes into contact with Yuuyami's.
I am being kissed, immediate understanding.
And now,
upon the time of comprehension, tempestuous​ emotions takes their way whereas bustling about​ within Yuuyami.
This is―!?
Feels similar to being pierced through. As though being stabbed. Momentum is too great.
As though upon the verge of melting. Tender emotions. Calm impulse.
Inconsistency. Emotions inconsistency.
I cannot  understand. I cannot processed. I cannot dealt with it. Emotions being too great. Too complex.
I do not understand its definition.
Emotions occupied her quantum brain, going throughout the body​, albeit as yet aren't subside.


"Yuuyami... it hurts..."


Lydia' voice. Lydia' voice.
Lydia' voice is audible.
At the same time, emotions grew a beyond intense. Throughout, throughout, ad infinitum.
As though trying to reach the edge of universe.


"I, it... hur..."


Before realising, Yuuyami was tightly embosoming Lydia.
Strongly embosoming.
I cannot perceive the reason. I do not remember giving such command to my arms.
Moreover, the amount of force,
being me continue to hug with such force, Lydia would break.
No, no, that's not― The one to break would be me.
I have to separate. Separate of Lydia.
I shall not. I shall not be apart from Lydia.
Contradiction. Instructions are contradicted. Thoughts are inconsistent. Each and everything is inconsistent.
I do not understand. I do not understand.
It hurts.
Overloaded with emotions, Yuuyami' quantum brain being overflown.
System is going down. Shutting down.
I have to release Lydia prior it to happen.
Despite this, arms aren't receiving commands.
I do not wish it. I do not wish to murder Lydia.


"Aaaaahh-!"


Yuuyami let out beast-esque voice.
I shall rather destroy myself than murder Lydia.
The sole truth. Mere this a truth.
Within the chaos of emotion contradictions, mere this veritable.
Therefore, I have to release.
Whatever it takes,
whatever it takes,
although Lydia being adorable and we are inseparable.
Ah-, so that is the reason― Yuuyami were able to find a name of emotion just prior the shutdown.
Whereas at great pains, she cognised.
As the setting sun, as the dimming light,
consciousness of Yuuyami was physically cut off.