---
layout: post
date: 2021-01-21 01:15:41 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-01-23 15:54:00 +0000
title: "Episode 39. For the First Time..."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054881561951
---

Yuuyami placed Lydia, who she was carrying, down, removed her maid outfit, and laid it out over the ground.
Lydia took off her boots, sat upon the maid outfit, and attempt to undress.


"No, don't. I shall do it myself."


Remarked Yuuyami, whereas bringing herself down, before Lydia.
Immediately whereafter, she started up a software to allow herself feel pleasure. This is, of course, a software for SA series, it was not initially installed in Yuuyami.
Lydia intently observed the Yuuyami's body.
Yuuyami had already reproduced necessary organs, and had undergone physical remodelling.
Lydia received a  soft kiss from Yuuyami. A light kiss that merely touched their lips.
Tactile sensor of Yuuyami perceived the tenderness​ and the warmth of Lydia. Up to this point, the actions appear same as usual.
And is feels exceedingly​ good. Joyful. My heart experience a pleasant warmness. This is also usual state.
At present, however, that I has started the software up, such furnish myself with a pleasant sensation; along with, withal, an electrical stimulation that circulate throughout the body of Yuuyami.
Yuuyami expect such would happen, nevertheless was amazed, for excitement being far beyond her expectations, she parted her lips thus.
Upon peering at Lydia, the reflection of Yuuyami could be spotted within her moist pupils.
Ah-, I'm enclosed by Lydia― thought to herself Yuuyami. With following, 'What a wonderful notion,' interpretation.
Yuuyami kisses her again.
This time, whilst kissing intensely and deeply, I was smoothly taking off Lydia's jacket and tee shirt.


"Yuuyami, good, at striping me..."


Wet voice. Different from the usual Lydia.
Yuuyami perceived a furious pulsation, her metal frame as though being torn apart. This is, the love upon a verge of insanity. The one that brim with longing for Lydia.
It was a very strong emotion, if I had a heart it would undoubtedly ruptured. Hence, Yuuyami thought, how great that I have none.
In addition to that, withal, I grew anxious over Lydia's heart condition.
However, if the sensor of Yuuyami  functioning normally, yonder is no signs of Lydia's heart break down. Her heart beat faster than usual, however it is acceptable.
Yuuyami placed her hand upon Lydia's modest breast, and gently fondled it.
Watching Lydia's expression and listening to her voice, Yuuyami gradually intensified the stimulation.


"I also, will assault..."


Lydia laid her hand upon Yuuyami's bosom, and tenderly massaged it.
Yuuyami was hit by a tempest​ of electrical stimulation.
The sensation was not unpleasant. Rather, was arousing​ enough to grew habitual.
A thought that AD of SA series doing this on regular basis, made Yuuyami feel slightly envious.


◇


As Noah was vacantly loitered nigh the Woodland, the life-form was caught by their sensor.
Creature flapped its large wings, and flew down from the sky.


"No way, angel descend?"


Excepting the wings upon its back, creature has a shape of the girl.
Around fifteen of age, calculating by her development​.


"Hey... bored?"


Asked the Angel, rising beside of Noah.


"It's boring to death. I've been left on-line again."
"Right... Good. Since Mika also has... a time to spare."
"What? Did you break a pact with God?"
"Mm―mm."


Angel shook her head.


"So, you, like, had something to do at spare time, but that was cancelled, right?"
"Uh-huh. You are... wise."
"That's right. I'm recognised by  myself  and society as the best bike in the world."
"Right."


<p markdown="1">Angel let out a short giggle.</p>
[^1]: indecent; lewd; having sex;

"I'm Noah. Nice to meet you, Angel-chan. I thought angels were imaginary creatures."
"Nice to meet you, too... Mika, came... to see onee-chan."
"Oh. And then?"
"Mama, and chibi-onee-chan, were there as well, so, Mika thought, why no..."
"Mm-hmm."
"But... timing was bad..."
"How is it?"
"Onee-chan... in the middle of _etchi_[^1] with her lover..."
"Aw... that is, bad timing."
"So Mika free."
"Right, right. By the way, Angel-chan is _Mika_, right?"
"Uh-huh... Mika is Mika."


Familiar name, thought Noah. So Noah performed a search.
Having done that, the name was found within action log.
Thus, deducing a most logical conclusion:


"By any chance, is​ your onee-chan - Lydiko?"
"Uh-huh. Nicely, grasped."
"Well, now. Does that means, Lydiko now uniting with Yuuyami-san? Damn, I'm jealous."


No one had contacted Noah from the time they brought Yuuyami and Rapha to Woodland, so Noah was anxious over everyone.
Therefore, I'm glad they are safe, thought Noah.


"Uniting... Lydiyami..."


Said Angel to herself, with a giggle.


"Sounds good. I'll use it when I'd need to call Lydiko and Yuuyami-san together."
"Lydiyami... Fufu."
"Surely it's a good name, but is it _so_ amusing?"
"Uh-huh."


Deeply nodded Angel.


"Hmm. Well, okay. Now, how about driving until Lydiyami-san's etchi is over?"
"Ah, Mika meet... onee-chan... another time."
"I see. Do you want me to pass a  message?"
"Mm―mm, it's okay. Mika will come, to see them again, when Apricot's case, will be solved."
"I see. Well, then, see you soon."
"Eh?"


Angel tilted her head.


"By the flow of your speech I though you were about to head home."
"Mika won't go... Let's drive."
"Oh- Riding, then."

Whereat Noah said that, Angel "Yo-heave-ho!" mounted Noah.
Sensation of Angel's buttocks​ was tender and superb.


"After all, if one'll board a cute girl on me, the tension will arise."
"Amped up."
"Oh- Amped up."


Noah alter the direction, sliding a rear wheel.


"Alrighty, how far we'll be riding?"
"Until the morning."


Noah asked in terms of location, Angel, however, answered time-wise.
Well, such is no real issue.


"Roger that. Idling until the morning?"
"Ya―"


Noah slowly started off, and gradually increased velocity.


◇


"It felt so good, I thought I will die."


Said yet nude Lydia, whereas embracing Yuuyami.


"Me also."


Yuuyami hasn't been dressed likewise. Yuuyami's clothes,  in the first place, were laid underneath their bodies.


"This also, but now," says Lydia: "I can see why the purpose had changed."
"Indeed. With this kind of pleasure, I would like to execute it for something otherwise than perpetuation of descendants."
"Uh-huh. Say, can we do it from time to time?"
"It's alright. I can do it every day."


Declared Yuuyami, with sparkling eyes.


"For my stamina, that's a little..."


Albeit it feels good, the fatigue is extraordinary.
At the end of such _every day_, I would look like a dead leaf, believed Lydia.


"I see. That is right. It cannot be helped."


Yuuyami cast her eyes downward, in disappointment.


"Now, now, we have to design a child as soon as we return to the library."
"Indeed. For our intention​ was to make a child, was it not? This time."
"Right. This time."


From next time, it will be for our own benefit.
For if we would produce a child whenever having sex, library will be overflowed with children in a few years.


"Fifth generation AD, C series," said Yuuyami.
"Uh-huh. Tentative name - Shii-chan."
"Shii-chan?"
"Child in need of tentative name. Until they sprout awareness and decide on their own name."
"I like the names you give, Lydia."
"Uh-huh. Names are important."
"Yes. I guess so."


Yuuyami used to not attach much of importance to the names.
However now it's different. Yuuyami glad to become Yuuyami from the bottom of her heart.


"Now, let's head back to the lodge? Hinagiku and others might be worried."
"That's right. It's sooo regrettable, however cannot be helped."


Yuuyami cast her eyes downwards, letting out a light sigh.
Lydia clean off the soil afore putting a clothes, which she had left untidy, back on.
The underwear, however, was stowed away in a jacket pocket.
I hesitated to wear them, such will be like leaping into the pond.