---
layout: post
date: 2021-01-13 03:26:04 +0300
last_modified_at: 
title: "Episode 30. Library Side."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054881299636
---

When Rapha woke up​, ceiling was very high.
She could not grasp where she was, for a moment.


"...Wah, come to think of it, I'm in library, huh."


Rapha rises from the futon that laid out upon the library floor.
At the same time, pompons of her pyjamas  greatly shook.
She looked at the futon on her right, it was completely empty. Instead, futon was neatly folded.


"...Yuuyami, huh."


Lydia does not doing something akin to folding a futon. Given that Rapha spent circa a month together with Lydia, it is easy for her to distinguish what Lydia can, and what she can not do.
Also, Rapha gave her a several warnings, since Lydia undress and scatter her clothes around.
At any rate, Rapha stood up, and stretched her back.


"Good morning."


The voice of Yuuyami from behind.
Rapha slowly looked over her shoulder.


"Good morning."


Returned a greeting Rapha.


"Morning~!"


Apricot popped out from behind Yuuyami.
Jolting, Rapha shrugged her shoulders.
Apricot wore identical of Yuuyami maid outfit.


"Why does this salope wearing the same clothes as Yuuyami?"
"Didn't we settled on dealing with Apricot, last night?"


<p markdown="1">Slightly inclined her head Yuuyami.</p>
[^1]: she using some English, me - some French;

"If I remember correctly, entrust a management of the library, as part of LM Series, huh."
"Indeed. Given that I have numerous projects, excepting exploration, it would be very helpful to have an AD to manage the library instead."
"I remember that. What I asked was: for what reason you *ressemble à une paire*."[^1]


Asked Rapha; Yuuyami tilted her head again.
Yuuyami tilting her head  without omission, thought Rapha.


"It's weird to wear pair clothes, even though you are neither lo, lovers nor sisters."
"Not a pair, this outfit is uniform."
"Eh?"


I did not know that. Rapha considered it was a hobby of Lydia - clothing a maid outfit upon Yuuyami.


"It is  honoured uniform, given to those in manage of this underground library."
"It is!"


Yuuyami confidently stated so;  Apricot happily jumped up and down.


"S, so that how it is."
"Yes."
"Have you already installed archives of LM series?"
"Yes. I performed it, whilst Rapha-san and Lydia were asleep. Let us educate Apricot today, together."
"For Apricot~, any training..."


During saying, Apricot pinched the skirt train and lift it.
I thought she was going to bow, however she raised it up until I could see her underwear.


"What are you doing, suddenly!?"
"It's no good, Prico. LM series does not offer a service of showing underwear."
"Uh~, after all, Apricot~, is actually  SA series..."


Apricot sobbed with feigned tears.
Rapha grew a deep breath.
I thought it would be faster to rewrite entire firmware than to educate it.


"At any rate," says Yuuyami: "it is a little late, however would you like to have a breakfast?"
"Or else, do you want to have Apricot?"


During saying, Apricot attempted to take  her maid outfit off.


"No good. Please don't take off your uniform."


Yuuyami seized both of Apricot's shoulders.
Apricot dropped her head, in disappointment.
After a sigh, Rapha stated:


"I don't eat in the morning. By the way, what about onee-chama and Ohan?"
"They went to develop a great love. Although Apricot also wished to mix in, I got this blackish one."


Apricot paid  a glance at Yuuyami.
Apparently, Apricot favour the female humans, but is not interested in female type of  AD.
Since that is series for satisfying human desires, that was natural.


"I'm Yuuyami. My name is not _blackish_. Moreover, they went with Lydia on exploration first thing in the morning. They are not developing a love."
"They went in hurry, didn't they."
"Lydia could not wait."


Yuuyami slightly shrugged her shoulders.


"They did it in high spirits."
"Indeed. Well, then, Rapha-san, please teach Prico of elegance."
"I won't."
"Won't?"
"After all, I haven't had an air shower yet?"


The air shower can be used to wash face, brush teeth, and completely dispose of all excretion​s, by adjusting the level.
It decomposing dirt, bacteria, waste products, all of them.


"Please, excuse me for that. We will be waiting, so, if you please, take an air shower."
"I will do that."
"Ah, Apricot also, let's toge..."
"You don't have to."


Upon her attempt to follow Rapha, Yuuyami caught Apricot for the nape of her neck​.
Rapha let out another sigh, afore heading to the air shower room.


◇


"Prico, please be reasonable. Do not try to take off your uniform. Also, it's no good to issue a sex-edition books."


Yuuyami sounded slightly tired.
Yuuyami does not consume stamina, actually. It is mere matter of feelings.
Last night, Lydia gave Apricot a nickname - Prico, so Yuuyami calls her that, likewise.
And this Prico,


"But~, I want to turn this place a love-developing erotic library~"


Her awareness as an LM Series were at the half-way still, and, thus, she tried to bind everything to sex.


"Wah, Yuuyami, I'm already, at my limit..."


Uttered Rapha, wearing a tired look upon her features.
Only over an hour has passed, as yet, since Yuuyami and Rapha commenced the education of Prico.


"Ah, then, would you like to experience Apricot's oil massage!?"
"I won't..."


Rapha sat down the floor.


"Rapha-san, please take a rest," suggested Yuuyami; "Prico shall proceed cleaning the hall."
"Yes~"


The administrator of Prico is Lydia. For reason of it being Prico recognised her to be one.
And,  in prior of  her departure, Lydia decreed: "Listen to Yuuyami and Rapha's instruction."
Consequently, Prico obeys to Yuuyami. Obeys, so it is, however if she do not receive a detailed instructions, she would interpret it accordingly to SA series.


"Please wait a moment. Do not attempt to lather  your own body and imitate a human-sponge, alright?"


Upon Yuuyami statement, heartbroken, Prico dropped her head. She was being determined.


"Not a human-, it's an AD-sponge..."


Said Rapha, with a sigh.
Such is  unimportant, thus, Yuuyami ignored that remark.


"Please avail yourself the mop, normally. Be sure to use the mop by its primal purpose. Would that be alright?"
"Yes~"


Prico, appearing to be very bored, went to gather up the mop.


"It is mop nowadays? Is here no cleaning robots?"
"Since I already was."
"Wah, is that so. It's tough."
"That is not. Given that I do not sleep nor getting tired."
"Of course."


Rapha deeply exhaled.


"Well, then, I shall head to observe progress of Maker Factory."
"Wah, no good."
"Why not?"
"I have something to ask Yuuyami."
"I see. What is it?"
"What is the consciousness?"
"Consciousness? So abruptly."
"It's not abrupt. I've been looking for right timing."
"I see. Did you get interested in consciousness?"
"It's a part of my study. A while ago, I argued with onee-chama regarding consciousness, and was defeated by harsh criticism​."
"Ha-"


Lydia has been continuously researching consciousness together with Yuuyami.
Accordingly, of course, upon Rapha and Lydia having a dispute, Lydia was well-informed​.


"So, what is the consciousness?"
"In my opinion?"
"That's right. I want to hear Yuuyami's opinion."
"Lacking of ego, I guess-" remarked Yuuyami: "self-recognition. In my case, yes. There certainly was  a moment upon which I recognised myself."
"What kind of feeling was that? Also, what is  clear distinction between *before* and *after* emerging of consciousness?"
"That was a mysterious sensation."


Yuuyami spoke slowly, whereas reminiscing that occurrence.