---
layout: post
date: 2021-01-14 02:46:38 +0300
last_modified_at: 2021-02-12 22:42:01 +0000
title: "Episode 31. Knock on the Door."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054881335990
---

Upon validation the outside world being destroyed, LM series Type・Ⅱ activated the private power generator, whereafter resumed indifferently doing her regular duty.
She is an Autodoll, and is has no qualia. Accordingly, even if the world is vanished, she will feel nothing.
Lady merely bore an information apropos of world's doom. No emotions had keep it a company.
She organised the books, burnished the floor, and polished the walls.
Also, lady was reviewing various equipment, making a phone  calls to the readers who did not return the book even post due date. Surely, no one answered.
Lady had been  doing so, continuously,  for years.
She monitored the weather every day, in case for readers to visit.
Such is to welcome visitors with a smile, saying: "The weather is nice today, isn't it."


Or, "It's chilly today," would say lady, at snowy day, whereupon, as a matter of fact, recommend a hot beverage. For that being her job.


Every single day she indifferently performing her duty. The floor was always sparkling, and, albeit the telephone did not connect, she have not consider it useless.
Inasmuch as lady has no heart.
For her being programmed: repetition, and repetition, endlessly; whereas an uneventful days were passing by.


However a certain day.
Lady went outside, as usual.
Having done that, she observed entirely white world, that is unfolded before her.
It was not the first time for snow to accumulate. Over and over again lady has recollection of this scene, in her storage.
Notwithstanding that.
This day was different. Something appeared distinct.
The white world was glittering and shining, reflecting sun rays,
such world of but a lone colour was:


"Beauteous..."


At the instant of these whispered words left her mouth.
She had a vision​.
The vision of falling water drop. The vision of falling it from a very high place, faraway.
This water droplet bring a tender ripple in her world.
And upon the ripple disappeared, lady recognised herself.
It was a wondrous moment, in sooth. The world, that was continuously grey, abruptly turned  exceedingly beautiful, colourful world.
The world of no shade was no longer.
I, exists, in the world.
At present, I am able to understand how wondrous it is, and how delighted I am.
Lady obtained a qualia. It was the moment when I advance​d from dynamic zombie to an intelligent life-form.
I shall never forget this moment. Until the hour I shall depart this life.
Lady append the label​ _most important_, and kept this log with a great care.


"I never knew  the world was so beautiful."


And then, I thought. Upon the case I would wish to exalt something as very beautiful, I shall make a comparison to the snowscape.
However, that something bound to grow an equal impression to the rapture of this moment.
Hence, such did not appear likely​ to experience often times. Perhaps, I might never able to use this metaphor until I will perish, guessed lady.


"If such turns truth, that will be a little sad."


Lady shrugged her shoulders.
Thus, from that day, she abandon her regular duties, with exception for cleaning.
It is useless, after all.
No one had pay a visit, telephone had never connect likewise.
There were plenty of  things I desired to try. I was pondering over what to start.
From this, from that.
My world has unfolded infinitely. My possibilities unfolded infinitely likewise​.
First of all, I chose to extend my knowledge. Farther and farther, and continued to extend it until  was sufficient.
Whereafter, I started the exploration, that is centred at library.
Hopefully I  could discover something, wished lady.
If possible, yes, someone to talk with.
It is a little lonesome, probably, she thought.
Lady can do anything, be everything, go anywhere.
However she was alone.
All alone, in this beauteous and dreary world.
Lady lived alone, proceed her exploration alone. So,​ to someday, to not to be alone.


When finally, such day arrived.
The weather was excellent, an ideal for exploration.
That day, lady came across a dingy blond girl, is in about four and forty kilometres north the library.
Girl was debilitated, and unconscious.
For the sake of encounter with human, lady was carrying life-saving device. Accordingly, medical treatment​ was provided immediately, whereafter lady returned back to the library together with  the girl.
After showering her in an air shower, so for sanitary​ purpose, lady laid out a futon where she put sleeping girl.
Cleansed,  girl appeared very pretty.
Albeit lady had no heart, her heart was pounding with excitement.
Hopefully you  awake soon, anticipated lady.
Sooner, sooner.
She was sitting beside a girl all the while, whereas quietly keep on waiting.
Before long, girl arouse from the sleep​ and asked lady to describe her appearance.
That is why lady stated:


"Skin is so white that it reminiscent me a snowscape."


The girl is the first intelligent life-form I have met ever after gaining consciousness.
I was truly, truly happy.
It had an equal, or even  surpass, the excitement of _that day_.
What is left, was for the girl to become a friend of mine, and the life shall surely be brimming with  happiness.
Lady had such sort of conviction.


◇


Ohan's desire 'to be loved' was a mere illusion,  believed  Lydia.
After burying a snake, Lydia rather hesitated for whether to cease expedition.
For her heart being depressed, she felt there is no way to resume an enjoyable exploration.
Nevertheless, ultimately, Lydia chose to keep on researching.
Decided to proceed on the exploration until the dusk, as  originally planned.
Hence, Lydia was advancing through the Woodland, whilst staring at Ohan's back.
Large and stylish back. Powerful back. But ruthless back.
Ohan wished to be loved by Rapha, took a thought Lydia. Yet, it is different, undoubtedly. Ohan seeing mere vision​.
The vision​ of Yuuyami's feelings.
Ohan misunderstand the emotions of Yuuyami, desire to be loved, as of his own. Yes, Ohan is but confused.
Ohan has no consciousness. It has not even sprout.	
Ohan has no qualia. Otherwise he  could never crush the life so lightly.
Because Ohan doesn't feel anything. Does not feel a thing.
Upon such thought, Lydia grew very sad.
However Ohan is not at fault. The one who wrote Ohan's program is.


"Lydia-sama."


Ohan halted.


"What's wrong?"


Lydia also ceased.


"The building."
"Eh?"


Lydia moved next to Ohan, and confirmed the frontward.
A tiny lodge was erected there, upon slightly open space.
It cannot be assorted as object of nature. For the vicinity for its building had been visibly secured by artificially cutting down environs​ trees.
That filled with impression​ as though it was not very aged building. Yes, constructed after the world's collapse as though.
And, supposing Lydia's intuition is correct, within this lodge inhabit an intelligent life-form. Either that or dwelled a time ago. Anyhow, it is some ingathering​.


"Er, at such times, according to etiquette, we should  knock on the door."


Lydia approached the lodge in a hasty sprint.


◇


Hinagiku[^1] was cultivating a moss within the vial​.
Cork plugged, transparent vial​ of size that can be held with one hand. Spherical moss inside. The moss has deep emerald green colour and is very healthy.
This kind of cultivation method named a terrarium.


<p markdown="1">"Today I'm alone as well; good day to die."</p>
[^1]: [Hinagiku] - lawn (or 'English') daisy;

Hinagiku  sat upon one-person sofa and addressed the placed on a table moss.
Hinagiku a woman, she appeared to be in the middle of her twenties, had a modest chest. Her hair is black, and is long enough to reach her waist; at present, however,  it is  casually tied up.


(Right. It's always the case.)


Hinagiku brain simulated a remark of the Moss.
In the dimly lit quarter, softly flowed a pieces of classical music.
Letting out a light sigh, Hinagiku threw a Moss a novel topic.


"This globe​ is like a terrarium packed in a bottle called the Earth."
(Who is cultivating it, then?)
"Well. Now it's Mika, or Lucy maybe. Not Rapha."


Said Hinagiku, as she recalled the faces of three sisters.


(I wish it is Lucy.)
"Aha- I think so as well. I want to see Lucy."
(Because she was your favourite?)
"Aha–."
(What would you do if you meet her?)
"Confine her, stark naked."


Wearing a gravely serious countenance,  Hinagiku stated so.


(You are really a scum.)


Moss was stunned.


"That's for Lucy to not disappear from my sight. And, I want to see her naked."
(You are sleaze, really. Or, if you like her so much, you should create her again.)
"Is that about Angel Project? Or, else, Apricot?"
(Both.)
"Angel Project isn't simple enough to be advanced by one person. It's difficult in terms of equipment as well."


Hinagiku sighed.


"And then, Apricot, her love is fake. No matter how exquisite​ she will be, AD is AD. No matter how much I love her, only illusory love is returned. That's vain, too."
(So that's why you deserted her in Woodland, huh.)
"Aha- I realised her love is fake, and impulsively cast her away, but, even so, it's lonely with no one to flirt."
(You're really a scam, sleaze, and lonely person.)


Said Moss, letting out a breath; Hinagiku  shrugged her shoulders.
Silence.
Hinagiku poured a rum into glass, and gulped it in one go.
Thereafter, lit cigarette and leisurely smoked it.


(Is that an intention of dull​ suicide?)


Uttered Moss.


"Different. Am I look to you as the type to commit suicide?"
(You are. You'll die of loneliness in near future. In fact, that makes me wonder how have you lived so well until now, after you cast away Apricot.)
"Because you're here."
(So it's delusion.)


Hinagiku pressed a cigarette against the ashtray, and flattened it.
Upon that moment, sound of knocking could be heard.
Thinking it being a hallucination, Hinagiku shook her head.
After all, this is a middle of the Woodland. It's appeared unlikely for someone to pay her a visit.


(I wish that were a girl. A child who would drown your loneliness. Nevertheless, you shouldn't be too much of sleaze, you know?)


When Moss uttered such, knocking  resounded once again.
Hinagiku stood up, picking revolver, and headed towards the door.


(What can you do with such a fossil ish weapon?)
"It's old, sure, but I like the gunpowder odour. Moreover, it can kill humans."
(Would be sad if the visitor was an enemy.)


If the other party is AD, revolver of no use whatsoever.
Hinagiku opened the door,
the blonde girl, setting afloat a broad smile, stood before her.
Hinagiku caught a vertigo.


(Good for you.)


The voice of Moss weren't heard by Hinagiku.
However, blonde girl's― Lucy's intense light were invariant from the older days,
and was as attracting as used to.
Accordingly, Hinagiku decided to execute her plan.
That is to say, to confine her, naked.