---
layout: post
date: 2021-01-24 02:42:05 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-01-24 17:01:51 +0000
title: "Episode 42. My Hentai Motorbike is the Best in Universe!"
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054881561966
---

Strolling out of the library, Lydia  stretched out.
It was a sunny and very pleasant day.
Lydia outfitted with a black mesh jacket along with mesh pants. Each of which made of materials having a high defensive power.
Taking into account considerably arisen  temperature, it is a little hot under accustomed jacket and pants.


"Well, now, it's been a while since I've ride Noah-"


Mumbling, Lydia strode to the garage.
The garage, however, had no signs of Noah within.


"What-? Could it be that I forgot to take them off-line again-?"


Leaving the garage behind, Lydia commence to search all around.
Whereupon,


"Haha―! Work, work, fools! Build a magnificent royal castle for me, you fools!"


At the Maker Factory construction site, mixed among the toil AD, was crying Noah.


"What are you doing?"


Lydia approached Noah, wearing a wry smile.


"Oh-, Lydiko? Nah, I had spare time, so I pretend a dictator."
"Fun?"
"No, not at all."
"Is, is that so."
"Oh-, having so much of free time, I was about to die."
"I'm sorry- I keep forgetting to take you off-line all the time."
"Is it on purpose?"
"...It's, different..."


_Whoosh_, Lydia diverts her gaze.


"Hmm, well, okay. First time in almost two weeks, huh?"
"That's right. Something around it."


Lydia had not counted the exact number of days.
Under this world, the concept of time does not hold much of significance.
Do what you wish, so much as you wish, and when you wish to do it. Such is life of Lydia.


"And Yuuyami-san?"
"She should come soon."
"Will it be the first exploration in a while?"
"Mm―mm," Lydia shook her head. "Today just a roaming."
"Change of pace?"
"No. After I've finished my work, 'I want to feel a wind,' I thought."
"What were you working on? Also, _feel a wind_, it's driving around with me, right?"
"I was creating a child. The point of _feel a wind_ is correct."


Lydia and Yuuyami had yet accomplished their child.
Albeit have hitherto not put them on-line.


"Child? But you have no pregnancy vitals, aye-?"
"It's different, different," _whosh-whosh_, waved her hands Lydia. "My and Yuuyami's child are an AD."
"I see. This sort of thing."
"Uh-huh. There are plans for a party soon, would you, Noah, like to join either?"
"What party?"
"Celebration of completion the child, and wedding reception banquet​ for me and Yuuyami. So, I thought of introducing our child to everyone during the party."
"Hee- Sounds fun. Will it be outside?"
"Mm―mm. In the library. Noah should clean the tires before enter. If you break in full of dirt, Yuuyami will get angry."
"Oh- Rather, please clean me up, Lydiko. I can't do it myself, aye?"
"Indeed. That's right."
"Oh- I leave it to you."


Upon the moment Noah said so, Yuuyami made her way towards them.


"The progress seem to be nigh the seventy percent, won't you agree?"


Remarked Yuuyami, peering up at the Maker Factory.


"Something about it."


Lydia also turned her gaze up at the Maker Factory.


"Yoo, Yuuyami-san."
"Yes. It's been a long time, Noah."
"Come on, I want to feel Yuuyami-san's butt on my seat."
"Even if you will not be impatient, we shall depart rather soon."


Indifferently stated Yuuyami.
Yuuyami bear her habitual maid outfit, and carries a backpack. She is afore prepared.


"Noah," Lydia whispers to Noah: "like I said, Yuuyami's bottom is mine, in both name and fact, alright?"
"Well, mine only the right side."
"No―, it's mine altogether​."


Upon displaying a friendly grin, Lydia mounted Noah.
However,


"I shall drive today."


Whereafter, since Yuuyami said so, Lydia dismount Noah.


"Thank you very much."


Yuuyami smiled, and saddled Noah.


"Ha-, I missed it."
"Like I told you, it's mine."


Whereas saying that, Lydia taking a seat upon a tandem seat.


"Plainly, my buttocks are mine. Withal, Lydia's buttocks are also belongs to me."


Gravely quoth Yuuyami.


"Haha― Even so, the both upon me now!"
"Well, yes."


Replying, Yuuyami twisted the throttle.
Noah leisurely proceed forth.
Yuuyami fixed the speed at forty kilometres per hour.
Lydia quickly realised, she had set such in favour of enjoying the conversation.


"Ah, incidentally​, Noah."
"What is it, Lydiko."
"When did you get acquainted with Mika?"
"Mika―, Angel-chan?"
"Right. Angel-chan."
"That was when I had a spare time at the Woodland. Although Angel-chan came to meet Lydiyami-san, but, for bad time, it seems that she came to me."
"Lydiyami-san?"


Inclined her head Yuuyami.


"Aha. A name used to call Lydiko and Yuuyami together."
"Eh―? What's with that-"


Said Lydia, however,


"No, no. It is fabulous, Lydia and me are adjoined each other!"


Yuuyami appeared to be pleased with that.


"Seriously?"
"Certainly."


For Yuuyami brimmed with confidence, well, okay, thought Lydia.


"Shall we change Lyu・Industry to Lydiyami・Industry likewise?"
"No. I think Lyu is better. Sounds better."
"I see. All right."
"Well, at any rate. Lydiyami, have you met Angel-chan?"
"Uh-huh. She asked to give Noah her regards."
"I see, I see. We together with Angel-chan had a morning-to-home ship. I want to see her again."
"Morning-to-home?" "You won't see her again."


Yuuyami and Lydia's remarks overlapped.


"Morning-to-home, means what it says. We were driving around until the morning. So, why we can't meet any more?"


Noah was able to accurately distinguish speech of the pair.


"She told something of going very far away."
"So far that I can't reach?"
"Uh-huh. That's what she said."
"I see. It's lonely. But, well, she returned back to the God."
"Why God?" tilted head Lydia.
"Ha? The only place where Angel-chan will return home is to the God, aye-?"


Upon Noah said that, something flashed within Lydia.
The feeling akin the each of the scattered puzzle-pieces are neatly fitted now.
That was fantastic, con-similar to insight, my heart was pounding.


"That's it-!"


Unintentionally exclaim​ Lydia.


"What is it?" asked Yuuyami.
"Ehehe, I know Iris's identity."
"Are you sure? How did you find out?"
"Hint is _the God_."
"God... God."


Yuuyami with an utmost effort rummaged through​ the log.
Every single conversation wherein Lydia mention the true character of Iris. The period from her waking up in the library, until I had awaken in Underground.
When Lydia conversed with Yuuyami in its regard.
There was a brief silence.


"I also realised it," said Yuuyami.
"Well, then, let's compare the answers together?"
"All right.'Yes, our engineers must have wanted us to enjoy the game, no mistaking it!'"


Yuuyami reproduced Lydia's statement.
It was a line as we had dialogue apropos of consciousness, upon the day when garage was complete.


"Correct!"
"In other words, Iris is the engineer of this planet?"
"Right. In sense, perhaps they are God."
"The word _Creator_ would be closer, wouldn't it?"
"That's right. Uh-huh, Iris is the Creator. Consequently, an engineer. But, what is Aki-chan?"


Mika called the Iris - Aki-chan. That is the only part Lydia unable to grasp.


"I shall search for relevance​."
"Please."


<p markdown="1">And another moment of silence flowed in.</p>
[^1]: [Anunnaki - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anunnaki);

"I discovered the name seeming to be related."
"Tell me."
"The Anunnaki."[^1]
"Anunnaki?"


Lydia had never heard of it.
However, they certainly can be called by the nickname Aki-chan.


"In an ancient Sumerian civilisation the word signify - gods. Either it, or the people who descend  from the sky."
"Sumerian... Er, it's quite mysterious civilisation, right?"


<p markdown="1">Lydia recalled a time when she was studying history together with Yuuyami.</p>
[^3]: I considered its change to _extraterrestre_;

"Yes. That was rather advanced civilisation, however we shall put it aside. The Anunnaki are aliens who created humanity."
"Aliens!?"[^3]


<p markdown="1">What a funny vocabulary, thought Lydia.</p>
[^2]:[Intelligent design - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intelligent_design);

"Well, I shall denote it's but according to one of the theories."
"Uh-huh, uh-huh. Okay, okay, continue."
"They say humanity were created by crossing their own DNA with apes."
"ID evolution theory, isn't it?"
"Yes. ID - intelligent design.[^2] In other words, creation of human-kind by beings of higher intelligence. By higher existence I signify the Iris."
"Wah-, everything is connected! I'm so thrilled​! Hey, let's go to the Underground right now?"
"Rapha-san's place, isn't it? All right."
"And then, let's advance into the Dream Server and ask Iris!"
"Understood. We shall speed it up."


Yuuyami alter the direction of Noah by moving her weight, and twisted the throttle.


"After all Noah is the best motorbike ever!"


Cried out Lydia.
It was with assistance of Noah we met the answer.


"Oh- I don't really get it, but I'm the best bike ever!"
"Uh-huh! The best in universe―!"


◇


As usual rising alone upon the surface, Ohan caught Lydia, Yuuyami, and Noah with a visual sensor.


"Ojou-sama."


Ohan communicates Rapha in the Underground.


"What is it?"


Response from Rapha seem to be a little sleepy.


"Lydia-sama and Yuuyami are approaching."
"What was that!?"
"Lydia-sama and Yuuyami are approaching."


Ohan repeated.


"Surprise attack!?"
"Surprise attack?"
"Wah, it's terrible! Wah, my hair unkempt!"
"Is that so."
"Wah,  I'm even in my pyjamas!"
"Is that so."
"Wah, it's awful! Wah, I have to comb my hair and get dressed right away!"
"Haa..."


Rapha seemed flustered, however Ohan does not fathom why she needed to panic​.


"Alright? You cannot bring onee-chama party inside."
"Why?"
"Wah, to protect my gracefulness and image of the maiden!"
"Is that so? What should I do?"
"Can you tell them to await until I come out?"
"Understood."


It is not easy to be graceful maiden, remembered Ohan.