---
layout: post
date: 2021-01-20 01:25:06 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-01-22 22:15:23 +0000
title: "Episode 38. Right After the First Quarrel..?"
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054881473282
---

The sun had set utterly, by the time Ohan was repaired.
Apropos, Ohan could not return to the lodge, for basement doorway being too narrow, so he destroyed the floor, that Yuuyami had penetrated, even farther, and only thereafter made his way to the room.
Then​, in order to withdraw to his usual guard duty, he tried to pass outside, however the entrance of lodge was likewise too narrow to allow him go.
Upon the time Yuuyami brought him in, Ohan's body was divided into parts.


Hinagiku laughed with tears, "I'll repair it later, you can break it... Is this also my punishment for the sin..? Haha, although in loneliness I simply wanted to see her naked."


Saying 'Understood,' Ohan destroyed the passage, strolling out, without a hesitation.
For Rapha followed after Ohan, in the lodge were but three people: Lydia, Yuuyami, and Hinagiku.


"Why don't..." says Hinagiku. "It's already dark, why don't you stay here for today? You don't need to worry, I'm not going to do anything. Really, I won't. I just watch."


Lydia "U―m," hummed.
Surely nothing will be done, since Yuuyami being constantly awake.
Likewise, go back to Woodland in the dark  will be troublesome. I, however, want to return to the library as well.
Apricot is waiting there.
Apricot?


"Ah," exclaimed Lydia.
"Is something wrong?"
"Apricot, that's right, Apricot. Hinagiku, didn't you mention *Apricot*, before Yuuyami came in?"
"I guess I did?"
"Is that an SA series?"
"Aha."
"Did you cast her away in the Woodland?"
"Aha. We used to live together, however, when I realised Apricot's love was counterfeit, I deserted her in vain. I repentance it now. If there's a possibility of consciousness dwell in an AD then one day her love might become genuine."


Hinagiku cast her gaze at Yuuyami, afore continue.


"So I'm thinking of set off to collect her tomorrow... Speaking of which, how did you know the name Apricot?"
"To be honest, I picked her and repaired."
"Is that so?"
"Uh-huh. Although I changed her hair colour a little..."
"It's fine. I can return it. So, where's Apricot now?"
"Underground library. Base for Yuuyami and myself."
"I see. May I come to collect her tomorrow?"
"Uh-huh, All right."
"No, you may not."


Indifferently stated Yuuyami, who had been silent for a while.


"Eh?" Lydia shifted her gaze at Yuuyami.
"For Prico has just begun to grow as my successor, you may not."
"Prico? Successor?"


Narrowed her eyes Hinagiku.


"Prico is a nickname for Apricot. Lydia gave it to her. The successor, for my busyness I would like to entrust the library management to Prico."
"Do you want SA series imitate LM series?"


Hinagiku slightly bent her neck, she cannot perceive the meaning.


"Not imitate. I have yet installed necessary for LM series archives. Prico expected to be splendid LM series."
"No, wait. Isn't it strange? Even if you include LM series archives in SA series, the firmware of SA series has a higher precedence. Unless Apricot is conscious..."
"Prico is not conscious."
"If that's true, I think it's make-believe? Or else, do you plan to rewrite the firmware?"
"I have no such plans. I shall educate her."
"But it's just SA series that can handle labour of LM series. What do you intend to do with the primal function as SA series? No way, Lydia..."


Hinagiku regarded Lydia. Perplexity floated within Hinagiku's pupils.


"No, no. I don't have a sex with Prico, okay?"


_No way_, Lydia waved her right hand.
Upon such day, Yuuyami might destroy herself, believed Lydia.


"Dummy...... Such a thing as sex, it's natural...... Keep your voice down even more, no good, move right here...... You wouldn't get excited from people saying such a natural things, right?"


Gravely remarked Hinagiku.
Lydia shrugged her shoulders.


"At any rate," says Yuuyami; "I'm not going to return you Prico."
"But, Apricot was originally my AD."
"But you threw her away, aren't you?"
"I regret it. That was a mistake."


*Blink-blink*, Lydia saw the illusion of sparks scatter between Hinagiku and Yuuyami.


"W, well, it's fine, Yuuyami."
"I shall decline."


*Tsk*, Yuuyami turned away.
For it being the first time for her to take such an attitude, Lydia grew a little annoyed.


"It's fine. Since Prico is SA series, you don't have to forcefully made her LM series, she will be happier flirting with Hinagiku either."
"Why should you, Lydia, decide on Prico's happiness?"
"Rather, why do you, Yuuyami, wish to make Prico LM series so stubbornly?"
"For I'm too busy to manage the library. Yonder numerous projects, and I passim go out on exploration, aren't I?"
"So it's my fault?"
"I didn't say that."
"But if I hadn't been there, you could have done everything at your own pace!"


_Hmph_, this time Lydia turned away.


"Why are you quoth it?!"
"Humph."


Lydia crossed her arms and stayed the same, without facing Yuuyami.


"I see. Yes, right. Understood. I understand. This sort of attitude. I was stupid, expected our hearts insight. I shall cool down my quantum brain a little."


Whereas deliberately kicking the floor, Yuuyami tread outside.
A moment of silence.


"...What should I do?"


Lydia's eyes grew full of tears.
Albeit I often disagreed with Yuuyami, this is the first time to have​ it so antagonistic.
Until now, in most cases, Yuuyami was the one to concede.
Today, however, was different. The plausible reason, Lydia thought, was for Yuuyami had acquired more emotions than before, and, furthermore, she hasn't hitherto dealt with these emotions.
Yuuyami was not very calm. She grew hot. Not physically, but mentally.
Well, whilst it may be truth, that doesn't signify Yuuyami at fault.
Lydia regret that she wasn't attentive enough.
If both parties turn emotional, such a conflict, of course, possible to occur.
Lydia acquainted far more emotions than Yuuyami right from the beginning. That is to say, emotional-senpai.
As a senpai, I should have paid attention.
In the first place, today's Yuuyami was peculiar from the moment she appeared in the lodge.


"Well... chase after her, apologise for saying too much, I think..."


Timidly  advised Hinagiku.


"Would she forgive me-?"


A single drop of Lydia's tear fell to the floor, leaving a tiny stain.


"It'll be okay... If you're pair of lovers, quarrels - unavoidable part."
"This is first one..."
"Quarrel?"
"Uh-huh."
"Oh. That's rather interesting. Both Yuuyami and you, Lydia, are different types, and both are emotional. I think it's strange for you didn't quarrel up until now."
"No. Yuuyami actually isn't emotional... She is not."


Lydia shook her head, shivering.


"Well, the original Yuuyami was faint, was looking for various emotions. But lately, suddenly, learned numerous emotions which made her a little confused, er, made me confused either... "
"I see. But, to climb it over together - what the love is. Quickly, chase her."
"All right. Thank you, Hinagiku."


Lydia wiped her tears clean, and rushed out like a bullet.


"Ara, onee-chama."


Ohan and Rapha were standing outside.


"Rapha! where did Yuuyami went?"
"Wah, if Yuuyami, that way."


Rapha pointed the direction with index finger.


"Thank you!"


Lydia sprinted like a bullet once again.


"Onee-chama! It's dangerous to ruuun!"


Rapha yell was heard from behind, however Lydia ignored it.
I cannot afford a time to reply.


"Yuuyami! Yuuyami!"


Lydia ran, whereas calling out her name.
Ran through the Woodland under the night, where reached neither starlight nor moonlight. Lydia was falling over and over, frequently hitting the trees with her face.


"I'm sorry, Yuuyami! I'm sorry!"


Upon Lydia  tired out of running, she took a breath at the spot.
Observing surroundings, I could slightly see under the shadows of the trees. My eyes are getting used to it.
My body, however, lightly sore all over.
But it's alright, thought Lydia.
Such is less painful than losing Yuuyami.


"Yosh."


Lydia  break into run again, quite soon, however, caught a stump of the tree.
Ah, I'll fall again― thought Lydia.
But,
someone  caught Lydia gently.
Lydia have no need to see to know who it was.
Therefore,


"Yuuyami---!"


I hugged her as hard as I could, burying my visage​ in her bosom.


"Are you alright? It's peril to be in the Woodland at night. It's reckless to enter alone, you remember?"


Stated Yuuyami, who caught Lydia, whereas tenderly brushing Lydia's head.


<p markdown="1">"I'm not alone! Yuuyami is here!"<!-- [^5] --></p>
[^5]: *Gentle Darkness*, in case if you forgot;

Lydia sob convulsively several times and, just like that, started to cry.


"That is truth, I suppose."
"Rather―, you are late--!"
"Excuse me. For I went fairly long distance. Well, upon hearing Lydia's voice I turned back immediately. Apropos​, why are you crying? Are you frightened of the Woodland at night?"
"It's different."
"Hmm. You fell, then, and got hurt somewhere? We shall return to lodge and treat you."
"That's not the case either. I was falling, that's sure, but it hurts only a little, okay?"
"It a little hurts? We shall treat you."


<p markdown="1">*Hyoi*,[^7] Yuuyami picked Lydia  up, in a bridal carry​.</p>
[^7]: sound for picking up lightly; cute, isn't it?

"Wait. Wait. I have something to tell you first."
"What?"
"...Does quantum brain, grew cold?"
"Yes. Calmed. Pardon me. I've taken ill attitude towards you, Lydia."
"That's my line- Sorry, Yuuyami. I'm sorry for saying unpleasant things."
"I forgive you. Well, I believe upon the subject of Prico we should let Prico decide."
"I forgive Yuuyami, too. I also agree about Prico's matter."
"Well, then, have we reconciled?"
"Uh-huh. I give you reconciled kiss."


Without awaiting for Yuuyami reply​, Lydia placed her lips over Yuuyami's.
At that moment, Yuuyami insert her tongue in.
A kiss which is different from usual.
A kiss which feels better than usual.
What's this, my head is somewhat foggy, thought Lydia.


"After all it's tonight. Tonight is excellent."


Parting her lips, stated Yuuyami.


"What is tonight?"
"The process of creating a child. I like this night. Right here and right now, if it's okay with you, Lydia."


Yuuyami peered straight at Lydia.
Lydia grew very thrilled.


"It's the Woodland, you know?"
"Yes. We shall  lay out​ my clothes."
"It's dark, you know?"
"Yes. I can see nicely."
"Me either, I can, fairly..."


Being my eyes got quite used to night, that is no problem if the distance is close.
Likewise, the process of creating a child must be done at such proximity that each other's skin would come into contact.


"What would... Excuse me. What do you think?"[^12]
"Are you nervous, Yuuyami?"
"Perhaps. No, certainly I am. Right now, I'm nigh to destroy myself of tension and anticipation."
"Don't do it!? You can't destroy yourself!?"
"Alright. Sure, probably."
"Yuuyami!? You aren't confident!?"
"Yes, indeed. That's truth. So pray, pray answer as soon as possible!"


Lydia understood it as  well: the cold quantum brain was getting hotter once again.
Lydia smiled a little, and,
instead for reply, kissed her.
This time, Lydia bring her tongue in.

[^12]: at first Yuuyami mixed up a suffix to the phrase, so the meaning turned completely different, then she said 'Excuse me,' and asked properly;