---
layout: post
date: 2021-01-01 14:07:22 +0300
last_modified_at: 2021-01-21 16:58:39 +0000
title: "Episode 21. Sayonara, See You Again."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: <strong>Important!</strong> They narrating of themselves in the third person. 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054881139140
---

From Rapha's perspective, Mika was an incomprehensible creature.
Mika, the Third Tenmoku, creation of Angel Project, held far more intelligence than Rapha, and greatly excelled archaic humans in physical abilities.
Researchers were overjoyed with it; only at the beginning however.
Before long, they likewise recognised Mika as failure.
Albeit Rapha was introduced to Mika as her younger sister, I didn't feel like we would be getting along at all.
Mika has never smiled nor altered her facial expression. Rapha couldn't even paltry grasp the path of her thoughts.
Hence, we instantly grew alienated. Since Rapha had Lucy however, that meant few to me.
Thereafter, a few weeks later, I was scared to hear, Mika strangled a researcher. Perhaps, she would have done that to me as well.
This estrangement rather positive, I concluded. I also drew conclusion that the fact Lucy hadn't hitherto met Mika being positive likewise.
Whereas existence of Angel Project itself was concealed, Mika could not be judged officially.
Due to prohibition for humankind​ to manufacture humans.
But withal, people of desire to cross beyond such taboos had break forth into this world. Akin the group that gathered for Angel Project, whilst secretly advancing it.
Mika was isolated, yet, strangely enough, no one offered to dispose of her. Under  simple pretext: assuming they somehow manage her behaviour, Mika would be specimen of perfect success.
In other words, even a failure at present could become corrected step by step, believed  researchers.


"I can educate Mika."


Upon completion of development of LM series type Ⅱ, Lucy stated so.


"Wah, onee-chama, this a great peril. She strangled one; Mika equal to fierce animal."


Immediately objected Rapha.


"It's different. Probably no one taught her, right? Level of Mika's abilities so high that everyone mistakenly believed she knew everything, but at times one should teach her, for her insight."
"Even so, such a thing as strangle one's neck."
"Rapha was not so amazing, at first. You was so riotous."


Said with a giggle Lucy.


"W, wah, I wasn't riotous​!"
"Shouted, kicked, screamed, begging me to do this, begging me to do  that, haven't you?"
"I don't remember."


Prim Rapha turned the other way.


"Well, since I believe I can, I'll suggest it to director."
"Wah, onee-chama being overconfident."


Let out a short sigh Rapha.
Shortly afterwards, director received Lucy's proposal.
Lucy meet Mika, and assessed to take care of her. 
Whereupon Mika appeared to take a liking of Lucy, what didn't pleased Rapha.
Subsequently, during next year, Rapha also met Mika upon several occasions. Mika seemed to slightly ameliorate; as usual however, she didn't tend to get on good terms.
When ultimately, one day, Mika disappeared.


"Rapha, hurry up, prepare the pods for artificial hibernation!"


Asked Lucy in panic.


"Onee-chama...?"


Upon such sudden request, Rapha tilted her head a little.


"Listen calmly. No questions. From now, we will be under suspended animation. Alright?"
"Yes, okay."
"When I wake up, I must forget everything altogether, so, please, made me blank, okay?"
"Eh?"
"I decided to start over, out of nought. When I'lI wake up, I think there will be nothing in this world. Well, that's up to Mika."
"Nothing will be there, how?"
"No questions. That's fate of humankind, the conclusion, inevitable. Accordingly, I have to forget, to begin again, and to create the world. Will you assist me?"
"I'll help you with anything."


Without a proper insight, Rapha nodded.
Lucy, from the beginning until end, was speaking impatiently, however Rapha was concerned only over sole aspect.
Lucy were continuously smiling. Albeit only a little, but smiling.
Even so, Rapha herself, deemed only after the collapse.
Does onee-chama, actually, involved into this too?


◇


From Mika's perspective, the world was grey.
Mika do not feel anything.
By words of researchers, Mika did all sorts of things.
They are delighted. But, Mika couldn't understand why was they so pleased. The  grey  keeps on, as before.
Mika didn't feel anything towards Rapha who was introduced as Mika's older sister. It's all remains grey.
One day, Mika strangled researcher. There was no deep meaning. Mika only wished to learn, outcome called the death.
Eventually, following that death, Mika was separate​d by other researchers, Mika couldn't understand a thing; everything remained grey.
From that day, Mika was isolated.
The arrived grey mornings were swallowing by grey nights. That was the flow of Mika dim time.
And then, upon one of such a days, the intense Light come across Mika.
The Light uttered:


"Mika, I'm your onee-chan - Lucifer; call me Lucy."


Mika was dazzled by such an enormous radiance.
From that day, the Light, named Lucy, took care of Mika.
Lucy taught Mika of good and bad.
Informed of enjoyable things. Of fashion. Taught Mika the fun of creation.
Mika, gradually, began to behave humane as though.
Over following circa one year, Mika decided to return Lucy a favour.


"Onee-chan... Mika will give you... the world. It's actually for Mika... but, Mika, has... no interest."


◇


Lydia and others gathered in an underground parking.
Lydia, Yuuyami, and Rapha, three of them.
At the underground parking were being parked several cars, and jet-black motorcycle.


"Well, then, thank you for everything, Rapha."


Said Lydia, standing before the motorcycle.


"I am truly, appreciate your help."


Seeing Yuuyami bow politely, Lydia mimicked the conduct.


"It's okay, nothing special. More than that, if anything happens, please, contact me immediately, alright?"


Rapha elevates her left hand.
Silver wearable was glittering on her wrist.


"Er, I can do it  directly, within radius of two hundred kilometres, right?"


Lydia, cast her gaze at her own left wrist. Wearable, that matched Rapha's, was wrapped around.
Incidentally, Yuuyami also equipped with such device.


"Yes, that's right. If you go beyond two hundred kilometres, please leave it to repeater."
"I didn't get a repeater, though."
"Please produce it yourself."


Primming Rapha said so.


"Roger that."
"Well, then, Onee-chama, take care."
"Uh-huh. I'll come to play again."


Lydia put her hand over the motorcycle handlebar, and lifted kickstand.
Thereafter, turned motorcycle in the right direction.
Upon the time Lydia mounted it:


"Ah, please wait. Onee-chama, going to search for Mika?"
"Um. I'll search, during the world exploration. I'd like to ask is she actually destroyed the world. Also, bring a light on my possible implication to that."
"You don't even know if she's alive, don't you?"
"I believe she is. Although at unknown whereabouts."
"Why do you think so?"
"Why?"


Slightly tilted her head Lydia.


"I'm the one asking..."
"I don't understand it well. I just have such feeling."
"I, see. Onee-chama's nature to decide upon, even at the meagre basis, huh."
"Is it?"
"So it is," Yuuyami being the one to answer.
"Well, it's okay, isn't it?"


Giggled Lydia.


"Wah, basis are important. Right, Yuuyami?"
"I believe so."


Upon Rapha casting a look at Yuuyami; Yuuyami gave a reply whereas revealing a mild nod.


"When did you become such close friends, you two?"
"Wah, we aren't particularly close. Besides, we had no discord from the beginning."
"In sooth. Hopefully we can become friends, someday."
"We'll see."


Lightly shrugged her shoulders Rapha.
Being it Rapha of before, she wouldn't even had an idea of making friends with AD. Hence, Lydia was rather glad.


"Well, let's go, Yuuyami?"
"Yes."


Yuuyami mount the tandem seat afore wrapping her arms around Lydia's waist.
Lydia brought the motorbike online,


"See you again, Rapha."


Sent a sole glance at Rapha, whereafter pointed her gaze upon exit.


"Yes, right. See you."


As soon as Rapha finished her phrase, Lydia twisted the throttle.
Motorcycle leisurely came to advance forth.
Ah-, this feeling; it's been a while, thought Lydia.
The feeling of running a motorcycle, whereas having Yuuyami behind.
When the motorbike proceed to the surface, Ohan was standing nearby.
Lydia rose her hand; Yuuyami greeted Ohan with mere glance.
Ohan responded with slow elevating of his right hand.
Lydia was exceedingly​ pleased with such. Former Ohan certainly would not have show any reaction.
Everyone is changing. Growing.
And Lydia, and Yuuyami likewise.
At present, pair were in love with each other. Relationships between them has altered from before, ever so slightly.
With that said, ostensibly however, it wore same appearance as before.
And yet, the hearts of the pair certainly develop a  deep bond.


"Hey―, I'm going challenge top-speed record!"
"Good. Let us blow it up."
"Blow it up!?"
"Was it bizarre?"
"Mm―mm," lightly shook her head Lydia. "I think it was good. Yuuyami usually so polite, I guess it's good at times to throw a casual phrase."
"I see. Well, I shall be less formal henceforth, upon occasions."
"Uh-huh. Then let's go-!"


Lydia opened a full throttle.
Blowing wind, along with scenery, felt pleasant.
Of course, there was also a presence of Yuuyami, pressing on my back.