---
layout: post
date: 2021-01-19 01:11:42 +0000
last_modified_at: 
title: "Episode 37. I Want to Have a Sexual Intercourse!"
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 37th chapter. (81st, if count it to be a second time.) <br>Upon the novel page was added  actual genre, at last...
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054881473279
---

Hinagiku comforted convulsively sobbing Rapha.
In a meanwhile, Yuuyami proceed a _self-check_.
Apparently, my condition is different from usual. Not a distinct​ defect, it is worth, however, keeping in mind.
Lydia is standing next to Yuuyami, observing  the situation.
Hmm, Yuuyami begin to recognise her own condition.
There is a load upon the quantum brain, and the temperature within my body is heightened.
However, such cannot be described as an intense heat generation​. To express it humanly, it is  as being affected by slight fever.
Origin of the load was immediately cleared by Yuuyami.
The emotions.
The origin - great affection towards Lydia.
Yuuyami was able to handle emotions well, up to certain extent, however not completely.
Albeit, I didn't shut down, and the processing performance improved significantly, in comparison to the previous time.
Such is no exaggeration to say - I has grown.


"Lydia," whispered Yuuyami.
"Mm?" Lydia peered at Yuuyami.
"Apparently I have been a little swayed by emotions."
"A little?"
"Yes. A little, indeed. Thereupon, appears that my words and conducts were under somewhat high tension."


Stated Yuuyami, upon verifying her action log.


"Are you alright now?"
"Yes. By noticing a load, the load itself has been substantially reduced. I wonder why?"
"Is it because by realising you have accepted it? To be honest, I don't really understand either."
"I see. Incidentally​, what is unparalleled love?"
"That is even less clear-"


Giggled Lydia.
Likewise, even Yuuyami herself couldn't really understand it, upon being calm. However, able to comprehend the pretext of inventing that phrase.
Expression *I love you* was not enough. My feelings for Lydia were so extensive that these words were insufficient.
Actually, somewhat I hitherto believe so. However, I have also reflected that a phrase *unparalleled love* was not very suitable.


"Listen, Lydia."
"What is it now?"


Lydia displayed a friendly grin.


"To be honest, tonight..."


I have to say. This is rather important than conveying my love. No, the act itself being an ultimate courtship, believed  Yuuyami.


"Tonight?"
"That is..."


I wish about to put a sexual intercourse into practice― however I cannot say this much, for some reason.
Once again, quantum brain of Yuuyami grew a load. Likewise I can feel the temperature arising.


"Listen..."


I am likely to overheat,  thought Yuuyami. However, in reality, temperature wasn't so high.
Lydia tilted her head, awaiting for Yuuyami's words.
I have to say. I have to express my intention: tonight is excellent.
The more I think over it, the more at loss of the words I become, for some reason.


"So, that is..."


That's frustrating, thought Yuuyami.
Emotions hinder my calm utterance.
Nevertheless, I cannot grasp this feeling. This is different from love, the emotion being related rather to my very self. I have never experienced this emotion afore.
Yuuyami was restlessly wandering her gaze.
To describe it humanly, her eyes  swam around.
Whereupon, unnoticeably, Rapha ceased weeping.


"Yosh, yosh, I'll repair him in a minute, look forward to it. But before anything else, I have to tell Lucy."


Hinagiku patted Rapha's hair, and  looked towards Lydia.
Never, thought Yuuyami.
Never courting after Lydia. I guess I will be surpassed.
However,


"I'm sorry Lucy. Forgive me. Forgive me for locking you, and making you feel unpleasant."


Yuuyami fears were unfounded.
_Whew_, Yuuyami grew a breath, relievedly.


"It's not Lucy, waaa!"


Rapha cried out a little more.


"Lucy-onee-chama is deeaad! Onee-chama is Lydia-onee-chamaaa!"
"Right, that's right. It's different, sorry, Rapha. It's Lydia, not Lucy."


Hinagiku stroked Rapha's hair again.


"I forgive you," said Lydia: "for imprisoning, for mistaking my name, for destroying Ohan."
"Thank you, Lydia. I've behaved really foolishly. Excuse me,  I must have certainly lost my sanity. I've been alone for a long time, I guess my mind is broke a little."
"A little?"  tilted her head Lydia.
"No, quite."
"So? Are you feeling better now?"
"I'm better."
"Why is that?"
"Perhaps, because it became bustling... What's more."


During her speech, Hinagiku trod, and picked up the vial which had fallen upon the floor.


"Because this fellow taught me. I've being taught throughout a long time, but I didn't listen to this chitin."


Hinagiku regarded the vial,​ with love.
Yuuyami instantly​ recognised: in the vial is the moss.


"Is that moss evolved?"


Consequently, I questioned such. Ordinary moss does not speak. Nor teach humans anything.


"No, that's not the case.  I know it may sound strange, but I can hear its voice."
"I see. That's auditory hallucination​. Appears like it shall be better to check your health."


Indifferently stated Yuuyami, as she always did.


"No, it's different. This sort of thing... No, it's certainly hallucination, but my health isn't bad. I mean, it's called imaginary friend..."
"That's auditory hallucination​ and delusion. Appears like it shall be better to check your mental health rather than your physical condition."
"Ah-, that is, I'm crazy, I know. So I'll ask you, don't take it too seriously."


In search for help, Hinagiku peered at Lydia.


"Hinagiku was insane from the beginning, so that's normal, you know, Yuuyami," stated Lydia. "Therefore, you don't have to worry about it."
"It is normal to be insane? How unusual."


Yuuyami  slightly tilted her head.


"Mama-Hina was eccentric for a long time! Rather than that, please cure Ohan sooner!"


Said Rapha, with a visible anger.


"Alright. Excuse me, Yuuyami, can you bring Ohan's body to the basement?"
"Understood."


Yuuyami made her way to the doorway of the lodge.


"Wait," called Hinagiku. "Don't perforate the floor this time. There is regular entrance."
"Understood."


After Yuuyami went outside, a sigh escaped her lips.
I couldn't transmit a request for sexual activity.
The sun is already setting.
Tonight is nigh.


◇


"Ohan, can you hear me?"
"Yes."


Ohan, consisting with nothing but head, answered the question of Yuuyami.
Ohan's head being connected to the computer through the Lightning Blade, and was booted up against energy supply of the computer.
This is a basement of the lodge. Facilities are prepared. Repairing Ohan here shouldn't be  complicated.
However, afore that, Yuuyami had something to tell to Ohan.
Lydia, Hinagiku, and Rapha, three of them, were silently watching over the situation.
Yuuyami has already told the three that she wishes to chat with Ohan in prior of repair.


"At present, you are broken."
"Yes. I have destroyed myself. The log is normal."
"Thereupon, you are going to be repaired, but ahead of that, I have a question."
"What is it?"
"Ohan, you said you wanted to alternate your appearance, do you still wishing it?"
"Yes."


Without hesitation answered Ohan.


"Understood. Now, taking the opportunity of repairing, it's possible to change your appearance. But before that, please take a look upon my log."


After saying that, Yuuyami insert the Lightning Blade in his right wrist.
Whereupon, shared a part of the action log with Ohan.
The log related to Rapha.
Memory of the time whereas Rapha sobbed, crying that Ohan was her friend.
Yuuyami understood - Ohan is reviewing disclosed log.
Yuuyami, thus, awaited until Ohan see through the whole part of it, and unplugged Lightning Blade from his wrist.


"What do you think?" asked Yuuyami. "You are loved. Not in romantic sense​, however you are  certainly loved."


Ohan remained silent and looked at Yuuyami with his vermilion visual sensor.


"I shall ask once again. Do you want to alternate your appearance?"


Then, after short pause:


"No," answered Ohan.
"I see."
"Yes. I am satisfied, Yuuyami. Thank you very much."
"You are welcome."


Yuuyami smiled at Ohan.


"Onee-chama, what are they talking about, Yuuyami and Ohan?"


Whispered Rapha.


"Er, about how much Rapha loves Ohan."
"I see. I love Oha...n, ha-!?"


Rapha distorted her countenance.
Lydia covered her mouth with both hands. However it's slightly too late, considered Yuuyami. It doesn't make sense if you didn't hold it before speak.


"I can't have any affection for AD!! Are you stupid!?"


Shouted  Rapha, with a flushed face.
No, it shouldn't be like that, thought Yuuyami.
Therefore,


"Even though Ohan is my frieeend."


Yuuyami excerpted  her words from the log, as an evidence.


"Wh, what is that!? It's mimicry​ of me!? Or rather, I never said that! I didn't say that, I didn't say that!"


*Thunk, thunk*, Rapha bounced upon the floor. Lydia spread her arms.
Mimicking Lydia, Yuuyami spread her arms likewise.
Oh, dear.