---
layout: post
date: 2021-01-02 15:47:47 +0300
last_modified_at: 2021-02-12 23:31:53 +0000
title: "Episode 22. Happy Dream for Evermore."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054881139159
---

Upon following day of returning from Rapha's house, Recycling Box spat out the error.
It was the second after Lydia put her needless winter clothes into Recycling Box.
The Recycling Box being is a machine that disintegrating unnecessary items at the molecular level, and completely dispose them of the world.
Energy generated whilst disintegration can be stored, up to fixed amount.


"What?"


Tilting her head, Lydia verified tiny display on the Recycling Box.
There was, 'The energy container is full,' message.


<p markdown="1">"Wah-, I've never seen it full before."</p>
[^1]: Recycling Box;

Lydia happily ran to summon Yuuyami.
Yuuyami was placing the books, that Lydia left thrown passim, back upon the shelves.
Lydia always leaving the books at the spot where she read it.


"Listen, Yuuyami, Resabo[^1] got an error."
"What kind of error?"


Asked Yuuyami during placing a book.


"Energy container is full!"
"I see. At such occasion we shall replace Energy Pack."
"Uh-huh. And, what about full one?"
"What shall we do?"


Whereas last book took its place upon the shelf,  Yuuyami sent a gaze towards Lydia.


"Since we've got it, we need use it somehow, right?"
"Indeed. I wish we had something demanded a power."


Be that as it now, thanks to solar panels, Yuuyami had previously installed, the library being affluent​ of energy.
*U―m*, hummed Yuuyami putting index finger on her chin.
Pondering Yuuyami, cute, deemed Lydia.


"Right-, power doesn't particularly needed."


Lightly shrugged her shoulders Lydia.


"In sooth. We are content with it."
"Ah, then, let's create something new? Some thing that will constantly utilise Energy Packs. How about it?"
"I believe it's good. I guess it is safe, for there is no utility for it at the moment. What are you wishing to produce?"
"Well, there was one thing I wanted to reproduce."
"Yes. What was it?"
"Bath!"
"Bath..." looking up her database Yuuyami. "It appears to be of a numerous types; which bath would you like to re-emerge?"
"Er, regular one."
"Regular?"
"Bath that was in common households before  air shower popularisation."
"Facility with shower and bathtub?"
"Right, right, that one. But, it must  also have sound system and illumination. Ah, aqua jet as well!"
"You are well-informed​."


Sweetly  smiled Yuuyami.


"Um. I was thinking about creating it some day, so I investigated it cursorily."
"Understood. Then, we shall produce a bath. Where would  you like to construct it?"
"Let's slightly wreck the library rest area?"
"...Eh?"


Shoot her eyes open Yuuyami.


"I can't?"
"E...r. Wreck... the rest... area..?"
"I can't?"


Moist pupils of Lydia contemplated Yuuyami.


"Well, I guess there is no particular, users..."
"No problem then! Decided!"


◇


Three days have passed.
Lydia's long-awaited bathroom was completed, and pair took a bath without delay.
Within a steam, two of them were immersed in bathtub. Lydia leaned her back upon Yuuyami's bosom, whilst placed her buttocks​ on Yuuyami's thighs.
Sound system was playing swing jazz.
Pair entwined their right hand fingers under the hot water.


"Will it be welded?"


Joked Lydia, whereas putting all her might into right hand.


"What?"
"Right hands. I'm putting a lot of strength now, so to understand it."
"I see."
"Say, will it weld?"
"It being a lovely proposal, however appears to be not pragmatic."


Earnestly denied Yuuyami.


"I guess so either."


Lydia elevates her left hand, thereafter she touched Yuuyami cheek. The act has no deep meaning. So natural as breathing, Lydia touched cheek of Yuuyami, gently caressed it, whereafter returned her left hand to its original position.
I'm so happy to be wrapped by the warmth of hot water and softness of Yuuyami, thought Lydia.
Regarding the happiness.
From Lydia point of view, the matters of when, where, under what circumstances turning irrelevant, for so long as Yuuyami was there, I would be happy.
Even if I bound to die in ten seconds, for I am able to spend these last ten seconds with Yuuyami, I would gladly die.
And if that come truth, my wish is to pass away with her.
Together to live, together to die. I what us to be together, from the beginning until the end.


"Ah, yes, Yuuyami."
"What is it?"
"How about hair washing?"
"Do you want me to wash my hair?"
"It's different. Yuuyami washing my hair."
"Then hair washing subroutine..."
"Hey stop it. Yuuyami has learning ability, you can learn by practice, without creating a subroutine, aren't you?"
"Yes. That's truth, however wouldn't it be preferable to execute it properly right from the beginning?"
"Even so, no."
"Why?"
"I want you to wash me now."
"I see. Understood. I shall attempt."
"Then, I'm getting out right now."


Lydia got out the bathtub; _slump_, she flops down upon the tiles.
Yuuyami likewise come out of bathtub, and as following began to shower Lydia's hair.
Whereafter Lydia's blond got well wet, Yuuyami spilled shampoo on her hand.
Shampoo was reproduced against a simple Chemical Maker. Library had four simple Makers, one of them was simple Chemical Maker.
Remaining three were: simple Food Maker, simple Dress Maker, and simple Parts Maker.
Incidentally, one more simple Parts Maker taking a place in the garage.
Yuuyami placing both of her hands on Lydia's head, and exaggeratedly uttered, "Well, then, here I go."


"Okay–."


Lydia shut her eyes.
_Slosh, slosh,_ Yuuyami moved both hands akin to occasions when she combed it.
She is quite skilled for the first time, judged Lydia.
Manner Yuuyami doing it feels pleasant enough.
For a short while, Lydia entrusted herself to that beatitude.


"Perfect," stated Yuuyami. "I was able to  perfectly accomplish washing."
"I see. Thank you."
"The pleasure is mine. Now, I shall wash it away."


Once again Yuuyami showered Lydia's hair. The foam flowed down altogether​; _whew_, relievedly exhaled Yuuyami.


"Well, then, following is the body?"


Lydia snapped her eyes open.


"Please, leave it to me. I feel like I can do it."


Yuuyami spilled body soap upon the both hands and rubbed it together several times.
Whereafter, she washed Lydia's neck, shoulders, then in reverse  order.


"Ticklish--"


Curled up Lydia.


"Pardon me. I may done it overly hastily. I shall do it rather slowly henceforth."


Alters her  touch Yuuyami.
She washed Lydia's arms, washed her breasts, and now washing her abdomen.


"Somehow, this time, it feels weirdly​ good..."
"I'm glad it feels so."


Showed a smile Yuuyami.
Lydia turned around, and embraced Yuuyami.


"What is wrong? I have not finished yet?"
"I know. But, somehow, that..."
"Yes. What's wrong?"


Sideward inclined her head Yuuyami.


"I feel like creating a child."
"A child? Without male Lydia aren't able to produce a child?"
"Yuuyami, come on-, you'd wish me to have a child with young male?"
"I would hate it."


An immediate answer.


"If so, don't say such things."
"Excuse me. However, an accurate information..."
"I know. Yuuyami, I received proper sex education, aren't I? Hence, I'm aware."
"In sooth."
"I myself, wish to marry Yuuyami, create a child with Yuuyami."
"Are you making proposal now?"
"Yes! I am!"
"Thank you very much. Let us get married, however I cannot impregnate my partner, can I?"
"I'm aware of that as well. Accordingly, let's create an AD? Very elaborate one, so for consciousness to dwell within her. Make it so great as Yuuyami, or even better."
"I see. I believe that is great idea."


So long as the one holding consciousness, they are intelligent life-form. Even inorganic. However, that's trivial matter.


"Nevertheless, I don't want to skip the process–."
"The process?"
"Sexual intercourse​."
"Ah-. So that is what happen. Lydia being aroused."
"Yu―u―ya―mi―," Lydia separated from Yuuyami. "If you guessed, you don't have to utter–."
"That's right. I'm sorry."
"Again..."


Sighed Lydia.


"If so, there is a problem. Present me cannot participate in sexual act."
"Uh-huh, it's okay. I'll wait. Until you heart would be ready."
"It's different. Not question of the heart."
"Ah, indeed. Yuuyami is so smooth."


Said Lydia, observing Yuuyami's body.


"That is what I meant."
"Understood. Then we put it on hold​ for now."
"No, if you are willing, I can be prepared by tonight."
"Mm―mm," shook her head Lydia. "There's no need to rush. One of these days when we'll say: 'Today is the day!' Alright?"
"Understood. So I shall arrange it by tomorrow, in order for one of these days."
"Uh-huh. Well, then, let's continue washing?"
"Understood. I shall wash carefully, so that Lydia wouldn't turn lustful."
"You don't have to say it, so malicious!"
"Fufu," giggled Yuuyami.
"Again..," puffed her cheeks Lydia.


◇


Yuuyami finished washing Lydia, and once again pair were immersed in the bathtub.
They took similar position as at the beginning. Lydia leaned her back upon Yuuyami's bosom, whereas Yuuyami's thighs served a cushions for her buttocks.
Sole difference can be noticed now however, Lydia had towel shrouded around her head, so that to prevent her hair from being soaked in hot water.


"We have to think about name for the child," said Lydia.
"Indeed. However I guess we shall wait until after accomplishment​. Either that, or, perhaps, we allow the child to choose."
"Right. Well, until that time tentative name can be fifth generation AD, C Series."
"What *C* stands for?"
"Child."
"I see. Would that be  fifth generation AD, C Series, Type Ⅰ?"
"I'm not sure if I ever produce a Type Ⅱ."
"Somehow, just now it reminded me of a time afore I became Yuuyami."


Fourth generation AD, LM Series, Type Ⅱ. That was  the model of Yuuyami. Simultaneously​, a name of hers. At present, Yuuyami has no need in that name.
Yuuyami tightly hugged Lydia from behind.


"Yuuyami?"
"I am already accustomed to this name, whilst sincerely glad to be Yuuyami."
"What's wrong?"
"Throughout the time, I thought, I would always live alone. All alone under this decaying world."
"Yuuyami..."
"But this world had Lydia. Whereafter she gave me the name."


Lydia was silently listening Yuuyami's words.


"Perhaps, supposing​ I had a lacrimal glands, I would be crying. However fortunately, I have no such feature. Even henceforth,​ I do not intend to install​ it. Being able to behold appearance of Lydia against my visual sensor, I do not wish to distort it over something so minor as that."
"Hey, listen. Me either, I'm glad to be Lydia. Yuuyami educated me, I've learned so much―"


Lydia entwined her right hand fingers with Yuuyami's whereas tightly squeezed it.


"Together, we can reach anywhere, we can be anything."


Lydia closed her eyes, and imagining: the exploration every nook of this decaying world. Thereat, rebuilding it into a beautiful, tender world.
Everything around,
like under the dream, in sooth.
Hence, if she could,
Lydia desired to spend the evermore, dreaming a beauteous dream with Yuuyami.