---
layout: post
date: 2021-01-25 00:24:15 +0000
last_modified_at: 
title: "Episode 43. New Creators."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: This is the last update for a while. I had expected to go through, leastwise, with the first extra episode before this, however it's the only choice now. <br />My HDD trying to die right before my very eyes. Even though all the important data lay safe in second HDD, the applications (and a considerable number of them, too) is in the system drive. Thus, a single route for me is OS migration. Now, I need to find a proper tool for it, and, more importantly, proper HDD. <br />Hopefully it won't take long―however it certainly would―so no updates for awhile.<br /> May, as well, learn a bit of Japanese in a meantime. May be. <br />Expect to resume my work before long.
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054881561974
--- 

What's with that tuft of Rapha's hair, it's springing up in such a peculiar direction, wondered Lydia.
However deliberately advanced in to the Dream Server, without leaking a word.
The aim was to dream with Yuuyami, so the conversation with Rapha was cut short.
A pale preach-coloured world.
The world that proceed endlessly, at any direction.
The place where the top and the bottom, the left and the right are unrelated. Unless Lydia will relate them from now on.


"Er, maybe a round table."


Upon Lydia imagine a round table, a round table was created before her eyes.
This is Lydia's lucid dream. Wherein was possible to manipulate it up to certain extent.


"Um, something else."


Lydia erases the round table.
Whereafter she created the sky and the clouds.
And at present, Lydia is rising upon a cloud.


"Let's make it, a little more fluffy."


Clouds altered, and now are giving the impression of soft cushions.


"Uh-huh. This is it."


Lydia takes a seat upon the cloud.
The endless sky with clouds spread out as far as her eye can see.
It is simple and beautiful.


"Lydia."


Yuuyami materialised upon the cloud.
This Yuuyami is not a real Yuuyami, but a container created by Lydia from before.
Designed to resemble actual Yuuyami, so that the main routine of hers would not turn perplexed within a dream. Only the chest alone, however, was slightly larger.


"Yoo―hoo."
"Yes. Yoo―hoo."


_Slump_, Yuuyami also flops down, before Lydia.


"This time we above the clouds, aren't we?"
"Uh-huh. Isn't it beautiful?"
"Indeed, it is. The flower field from the last time was nice likewise, however among the flowers of the field we wouldn't be able to distinguish which is Iris."
"Right."


A  brief silence.
Lydia threw her legs out, and looked up at the sky.
Yuuyami had observed such Lydia, wearing a smile.
Under the slow flowing of the time, Lydia created a gust of the wind.
The breeze shook Lydia's blond, and caressed Yuuyami's black hair.
When,


"Sorry for the wait."


Iris appeared beside of the pair.
Just as though the wind had them carried, thought Lydia.


"Everyone is being carried by the wind," stated Iris.
"What do you mean?" questioned Lydia.
"Such is the best to yield to the flow, ourself believes. But such is free to interpretation."


Iris narrowed its stem.


"Hello," greeted Yuuyami.
"Hey, Yuuyami. Last time we met but briefly."
"Indeed. I have seen you, and heard your words."
"That's how it was. Now, let us get down into the business. Ye hast revealed ourself true character. Well, howbeit most of it thanks to Noah, this will do."
"Iris the Anunnaki?"


Lydia asked point-blank.


"Right. Ourself just told ye now, ye have unravelled it. Well, ourself not the exact Anunnaki from those days."
"Do you mean you are successor to the Anunnaki, at the time?"
"No. Ourself is not. The Anunnaki are the mass of aliens, though. They have found this planet, designed the intelligent life, and taught it various things."
"Why did you design humanity?"
"For such was possible."
"Ah, I may perfectly understand it."


I made it because I can make it. I have technology, thus I created it.
Created it for I wanted to create it.


"Myself is glad thou understand. Well, from that time on, as an engineer of humanity, Anunnaki have been watching over human beings. However, there was also a group of Anunnaki which lost the interest, and there grew, too, a question of life span."
"Life-span?"
"Yea. Sith Anunnaki were a physical creatures. Someday they bound to rot away. So will ye."
"Uh-huh. I know."
"Thuris, Anunnaki split into two. First, the group which travels through the space without bound to this planet. Another one, the group that determined to watch over the planet until the culmination of its history."
"Did you belong to latter group?"
"Not _you_. I am - us. For the sake of solving the life span issue, we gathered as one consciousness. It was a great evolution."
"I see-, then you, Iris, is gathered consciousness of remained upon the planet Anunnaki, aren't you? Accordingly, strictly speaking, you are different from the original Anunnaki."
"That's the thing. This is our story. Thuris, from here on is ye story."
"Our?"


Slightly tilted her head Yuuyami.


"The history of this planet is over for myself, the epilogue stage is now. For ourself, it is. However for ye it is the prologue. Do you understand what it means?"
"I understand, the planet history is over."


Lydia shrugged her shoulders.
There is nothing in the world. There are hardly but a vestiges of prosperous humanity.


"I'm dubious, it was Mika-san the one who destroyed the world, right? But withal, Mika-san said such was a wish of humanity. I don't understand that part. It doesn't seem likely for humanity to had such an indication."
"Might be so. So for Yuuyami can to see but exterior​ of human-kind. What, however, doe thou think was the purpose of humanity?"
"Incessant evolution."


Lydia said with confidence. That was my belief when I talked it over with Yuuyami afore.


"Quite so. Humanity already reached its limit. Thence, decided to follow the equal evolutionary path."
"Do you mean gathering as a single consciousness?"
"Yea. Plenty of life forms upon this planet―including humans―have participated in its magnificent evolution. Of course, there are still lives of desire to survive, and some that had remained with objective to support ye."
"To support us?"
"Yea. Quite so. Ye art new Anunnaki. As my successors, myself want ye to build this planet freely."
"Eh?"


Lydia shoot her eyes open.


"Howbeit at first ourself was going to give it to Mika, she didn't appear to be interested in this planet, and wished to head to the new world with ourself."
"New world?"
"Yea. Ourself consider that ourself can create a galaxy now."
"That's why you're going to create it, right?"
"That's the thing. In passing, the life gathered from the planet likewise went for creation the galaxy for further evolution. Our children surpassed myself."
"I see-"


Lydia nodded, however Yuuyami wasn't consent yet.


"So, do you mean that is the demise of humankind, for pre-established harmony was consensual?"
"Yuuyami over there is obstructing. Of course, it's agreed upon​. As us quoth earlier, those who did not agree art yet here. Therefore, there art human beings upon this planet yet. Sooner or later, ye may came across."
"I see. Then how have you agreed?"
"Originally, humanity―the life upon this planet―were a collective consciousness. Howbeit it were mere linked together substance​. The consensus​ was  within that."
"Understood.  I shall take your word for it."


Yuuyami nodded.


"Then let's get back to the subject for a bit," says Lydia. "Why us?"
"A referral of Mika. At that time, thou was not Lydia, but Lucy. Mika quoth that thou art the most world-loving person in universe, and, howbeit thy abilities art inferior to Mika, if thou learn enough, such is possible for thou to become Anunnaki."
"Am I incidental?"
"No way. Thou art the key to Lydia's learning. Is that okay? Lucy quoth that she wished to begin from the blank anyway."
"Why?"
"Ourself guessing Lucy wanted to perish with the world, and commence with the world. A brand new world, and a brand new self."
"I see- Somehow, I can understand. I had no epilogue upon the tale was over. Accordingly, I began with the prologue again."
"Right. However​ that significantly reduce thine abilities. Whereupon, Lucy chose a team of pair. The latest created by thyself Autodoll, as a partner, Yuuyami."
"I'm glad Lucy chose me, but where did my consciousness came from?"
"It is from **That**, of course."
"From **That**?"
"Tofore the universe  was shaken, it was utterly solid existence. Some people call it **The・One**, however simply **That** is how ourself named it. For **That** grew tired of being one, it began segregation. It is the source of all the consciousness which exists under this universe. Thuris, the consciousness of ye child will also come from **That**."
"It's a secret of universe!?"


Lydia leaned forward.


"It is not much of secret. Sooner or later, ye will discover **That**. But, well, first, it's _la création du monde_​. How about it? Will ye become a new Anunnaki?"
"Yes, yes!"


Lydia answer without thinking, for it's sounds to be fun.


"What, specifically, are we meant to do?"


However Yuuyami was being calm.
Indeed, we are pair, thought Lydia,.
The fact of Lydia and Yuuyami's distinctness had turned far more meaningful. Appearance, personalities, and even species are different.
As such Yuuyami has what Lydia does not, and Lydia has what Yuuyami does not have.
For we are different, we are complement each other.


"The same as it ever was. Ye can create whatever ye like, explore wherever ye like. Ourself, however, but wish ye to hold a self-awareness​. The awareness as the Creators. And then, create  even greater history of human-kind than ourself has."
"Understood! Leave it to us! We will surely raise a lovely world!"
"Yes. Our world will certainly be wonderful. Incidentally​, what are our advantages, as the Creators?"
"Yuuyami, thee really keep thine serenity," Iris shook its stem.
"There are numerous occasions when I am not calm."


Upon Lydia laugh, Yuuyami added indifferently, "No, no, in most cases I am calm."


"Ourself is aware. The events when emotions wielded Yuuyami, the matter of successively pronounced unparalleled love."
"Eh, no, that was, different. Yes. That was a trifling malfunction."


Yuuyami cast her eyes away from Iris.
Yuuyami turn more and more humane, thought Lydia.


"Thee think so? Well, okay. _Advantages_, wasn't it?"
"Yes. Indeed. Such is more important than unparalleled love."


<p markdown="1">_Mm-hmm​, mm-hmm​_, Yuuyami nodded.</p>


"Ye already hold an advantages. For ye yet hast the technology and knowledge."
"Rapha, and Hinagiku also, you know?"
"Sith they art supporters. Howbeit, ourself is confident, they unaware of it."
"That means the rest humans... The survivors are lacking technology?"
"Yea. They lost everything. Only ye possess the vestiges of civilisation. Ye mayst or mayst not give it to others. Ye free to decide. Conditions equivalent to the first Anunnaki."
"I see-, Anunnaki had a mere advantage of technology, too."
"That's the thing. Well, then, soon, ourself shalt go."
"We cannot meet any more?"
"Aha. For a while. By the time ye create a galaxy, perhaps then, we can meet."
"Are we also can create a galaxy?"
"Of course. Thine purpose, as yet, an everlasting​ evolution, with no change. Well, then, someday again."


Iris shook from side to side, as though saying _bye-bye_.


"Uh-huh. Give my regards to Mika."


Lydia waved her hand  a little.


"Farewell, Engineer-san. I am expressing my gratitude​. For creating this world. For watching over us. Because you created this world, I was able to meet Lydia."


Yuuyami smiled, slightly waving.
Iris sparklingly shone, turned into light particles, and, upon drawing a spiral, disappeared at the spot.
Lydia approached Yuuyami, and tightly squeezed her hand.


"Let's walk together. As Creators this time."
"Yes. It will certainly be fun."