---
layout: post
date: 2021-01-05 20:13:06 +0300
last_modified_at: 2021-01-08 00:46:13 +0300
title: "Episode 24. Apricot of Woodland."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054881180828
---

As they proceed deeper the Woodland,  quite soon Lydia lost a sense of direction.
Despite daytime, Woodland was dim;  the atmosphere felt chilly as though. Furthermore​, ground was bumpy that arduous to walk.
Overall, such ominous place stimulated a human fear.
Consequently, Lydia,


"I wonder if it's haunted-!"


was being seized by a very cheerful mood.
I cannot help but enjoy such. An unknown location. Unknown atmosphere​. My pounding heart picks up the pace.


"Existence of phantoms has not been proved."


Indifferently said Yuuyami.
She was walking with her right hand linked to Lydia's left, whereas the other hand made their way through​ the vegetation.
Lydia being one step behind Yuuyami. However it was not since Yuuyami had her asked so.
Before she knew it, that turned their disposition.
Yet, Lydia understood a precise reason for such.
Yuuyami willingly advancing forth, verifying whether there any harmful for Lydia plants.
Accordingly, with no doubt, if Lydia were to come to the front, with, "Hey stop," Yuuyami would pull Lydia behind.


"Then, I'll be first person who'd prove existence of phantoms."
"Very well. But withal, what will you do so in order to prove it?"
"Become friends."
"With a phantom?"
"That's right. Seems to be interesting."
"Indeed. Given that numerous individuals has committed suicide​s hereby, as such,  quite possible for phantoms to reside here."
"Suicide?"
"Yes. People were killing themselves. So it became a famous place."
"Why?"


Tilted her head Lydia.


"The reason for why did it become a famous place? Or why humans were committing suicides?"
"Each."
"Hmm. Famous place simply for many people chose this place to die."
"Surely, it's nice place for such, not bad."


Lydia said so, observing environments.


"_Not bad_?"
"Such scene, not bad for the last moments of life. Also, the atmosphere is lovely, it feels like we grew one with nature, it's not bad, uh-huh. I believe they had a good taste."
"As Lydia also be dying, that should be here?"
"Mm―mm," Lydia shook her head: "I must be embosomed by Yuuyami, you know?"


Yuuyami halted.


"What's wrong?" asked Lydia.
"No, that, I'm, a bit..."
"Mm?"
"...embarrassed.​"
"Really? Show me your face?"
"It's normal now. We shall move forward."


Yuuyami proceed walking again.


"Eh―? I wish I've seen-"
"If the opportunity shows itself."
"Oka―y."


Replied Lydia, and the pair, for a while, continued their walk.


"Speaking of which," says Lydia; "I haven't hitherto heard why was they committing suicides, have I?"
"Yes, you have not. However, honestly speaking, one cannot tell another's motive until one would become them."
"I see. Well, I guess so."


Therein rather numerous different reasons. So many as the people.


"Would you like to hear the most common​ reason?"
"Mm―mm, no."
"Is that so?"
"Uh-huh. Incidentally​, I guess we already walked for nigh a kilometre, haven't we?"
"No. It has been as yet slightly over three hundred meters of our entering Woodland."
"Is that all?"
"The Woodland being difficult to tread through. Are you feeling fatigued?"
"I'm alright."
"How far do you able to advance?"
"Mn―, let's turn beck at about five hundred meters. If we want to explore it properly, we might need a sleeping bag and the likes."
"I agree. We shall prepare the camp and perform another full-scaled expedition upon the next occasion."
"Uh-huh."


After that, walking under the silence, pair went beyond the point of four hundred meters.
Albeit it being chilly enclosed by the Woodland, Lydia felt rather warm​, inasmuch as she was on foot throughout the way.
Lydia lowered a  slide fastener upon jacket, as such, uncovered her front. A simple white _cut and sew_ grew visible from under her wrapping.


"Lydia."


Yuuyami halted.


"What is it? Have you get embarrassed once again?"


Lydia stopped likewise.


"It's different. There is..."


During saying that, Yuuyami drew Lydia forth, and placed  her beside.


"Human?"


Blonde female​ was being reflected within Lydia's view.
She was sitting leaned against the tree, having her eyes closed.


"It's different."


Upon peering closer, female was fairly muddy. Ragged, decayed clothes; as of exposed parts, there were seen dirty exfoliated artificial skin.


"Is she broken?"
"I guess so. I believe it shall not  operate again."
"Can I approach her?"
"Yes. It is okay."


Lydia let go Yuuyami's hand, and moved forth the female AD.
By  features of female AD, her apparent age  is around eighteen years old, deemed Lydia.
Throughout the time I'm seeing this AD, I feel, as though they are resembling myself in ways.
Yuuyami also approached and stood next to Lydia.
Suddenly gushing forth an unspeakable emotion, made Lydia slightly perplexed​.
Sadness as though, soreness as though, albeit​ she does not understand it well,  her heart turned mushy.
Whereupon,
_click_, female AD opened her eyes.
Being it such an abrupt, Lydia was startled.
Yuuyami snapped her eyes open likewise.


"Ojou-sama..." gazing up at Lydia, female AD says: "Apricot~, anytime..."


Female-type AD raised her arms in a sluggish movement.


"This child, moving?"
"So it seems. Curious. In her condition, such appeared improbable."


_Hmm_,  displayed pondering gesture Yuuyami.


"Anytime... anywhere... ready to make love​..."
"Ready to make love​?" tilted her head Lydia.
"This child SA series," says Yuuyami; "I guess she means you can have a sex with her at anytime."
"I see. But why she's looking at me?"
"Female-oriented, female-type SA series."
"Er?"
"The series for feminine gender​ who can love only women; as well as the series for females wishing to have fun with another female."
"Ah-, that's how it is-"


Lydia nodded in agreement​.


"Ojou-sama... do you love, Apricot~?"


Female-type of AD spread both of her lifted hands.
Gesture signified either 'Hug me' or 'Would you like to hug me'. Lydia was wavering however, unsure as of her further action, and sent a gaze at Yuuyami.


"Recognising Lydia as her master conveying that this child has been initialised."
"Initialised?"
"She is abandoned."
"In a Woodland?"
"Yes."


Once again, indescribable emotions overflowed Lydia.


"Can I hug her?"


Asked Lydia, whereas peering complexion of Yuuyami.


"Guessing of that complex countenance​, you believe I would turn angry​ at you for such?"
"No―, I just wouldn't want you-, to get angry-"
"It's alright. However, this child could be abnormal."
"Please, help me if anything happens."
"Understood."


Upon validation Yuuyami nods, Lydia pressed her knees against the ground.
Whereafter, slowly moved her body towards the chest of female AD.


"You are Apricot?"
"Uh-huh. Apricot~... is Apricot. Ojou-sama... warm... Apricot~, happy..."


Female-type AD― Apricot, gently wrapped her arms around Lydia's back.
The hug felt almost powerless. Not because she was being gentle however, she has no strength  left, reached a conclusion Lydia.


"Say-, Yuuyami..."
"Shall I guess?"
"Eh?"
"This child-, I would like to save her-; right?"


Yuuyami exaggeratedly imitated Lydia's tone.


"Do I speak like that?"
"Yes. So my conjecture is correct?"
"It's correct-, but that's a bit-"


Lydia grew a deep breath.
Upon that time​, Apricot quivered.
With following,


"Ah-, Ojou-sama's, breath... feels, good."


Apricot let out a wet voice.
Suddenly, Lydia felt somewhat embarrassed. I do not understand it well, but embarrassed anyway.


"Well, then, Lydia, please take a backpack. I shall carry this child upon my back."


Having no insight for condition of Lydia's heart​, Yuuyami bring down her backpack.


"Uh-huh! That's good idea! Uh-huh!"


Hurriedly separating from Apricot, Lydia picked up the backpack.


"What is wrong? Your face is scarlet red? Appears that your body temperature slightly rose up. Heartbeat also being..."
"It's different! Different, you know!? I'm fine, okay!?"


Flustered Lydia waved her hands.


"Is that so?"
"So that is!"


Upon saying such, Lydia took a deep breath.
Yuuyami brings Apricot upon her back.


"Ojou-sama is nice..."


Murmured Apricot.


"Lydia has a crush. Hence, such being impossible. Please keep quiet and stay upon my back."


Yuuyami was not indifferent any more. The mood, the tone, were somewhat sulky.


"U, um, Yuuyami?"


Under the great surprise, Lydia called her out.


"What is it? Please stay close diligently."


_Swoosh_, Yuuyami begins to walk.


"You aren't angry​?"


Asked Lydia, during chasing after Yuuyami.


"I am not​."
"Really?"
"Yes. Perhaps. However, at present I am as yet studying emotions of myself."
"This, probably anger, you know?"
"Why am I should to be angry?"
"Eh? That's probably, err...."
"*Err*?"
"Since my heart pounding over Apricot... and, Yuuyami recognised it?"
"Oh-. Thus the reason being jealousy."
"Um. Either it, or anger, which accompanies jealousy."
"I see, I see. I'm jealous right now. As such, perhaps, even angry."
"S, sorry?"
"Yes. I shall forgive you. Nevertheless, if you repair Apricot, please, do not flirt with her too much."
"I would never! Only with Yuuyami!"
"I believe you. And, slightly embarrassed."
"Really? Show me your face? Show me your face―"


Lydia attempt to take a roundabout path so to be before Yuuyami; however, Yuuyami altered her direction of her tread, and maliciously did not introduced her visage​.
Concluding it, Yuuyami remarked, "Now that is called a payback," wearing a smile upon her features. 
I guess such must be done before forgiving, wondered Lydia.
But well-, seems as though I restored her good mood,   Lydia   smiled lightly.