---
layout: post
date: 2021-01-22 01:46:34 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-01-30 16:45:19 +0000
title: "Episode 40. Apricot・Return."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054881561958
---

Prico found herself vacantly sitting at the library service counter.
Her work was yet done, thus she has nothing to do.
Someone has tread their soles through the floor, but it was said to not patch it up.
Prico filled desire to take off her maid outfit, and take a playful sexy poses.
Soon, however, her interest set adrift, for no one to watch her.
Reluctantly, Prico put on the maid wear, which she had taken off, again.
A considerable amount of time has elapsed from Yuuyami and Rapha depart.
The daylight has changed the twilight, the sun then ascend in the morning. However no one hitherto homed back.


<p markdown="1">"I'm free― from the fear, of tomorrow―"[^1]</p>
[^1]: well, she just sings *I'm free―*, but it would have been boring, so I put a part of lyrics to the song of Lydna Randle - I'm Free;

Prico linked her hands behind a head, and rested her back upon the chair.
This way she blurredly spent her time.
A several people then arrived in, from the library entrance.
Prico promptly sprang up, and prepared to welcome customers.
However,


"I'm home- How are you, Caretaker-chan-?"


It was but Lydia party, not a customers.
Lydia was in the head of it, setting afloat a smile, whereas sway her blonde hair.
Lydia is cute. I want to hold her tightly.
To the right of Lydia - peach-haired Rapha.
Rapha is cute too. Both face and garments. She is so shy, as if asking to tease her, thought Prico.
To the left of Lydia - black-haired Yuuyami.
Commonly known as a blackish one. I don't really like you, thought Prico.
Behind Rapha is Ohan, military AD.
Extremely frightening. Can you go elsewhere, wondered Prico.
And, the last one, behind Lydia, a female I've never seen.
She has a black hair, wears a white coat. She's in the middle of her twenties.
Prico does not know that lady.
She should not have known, despite that,


"Master."


Letting out a murmur, she extend her right hand.
Appear to brim with desire to touch her.


"Apricot!"


Lady pushed Lydia aside, and dashed at full speed.
Then, leaping over the counter, embraced Prico.
Prico did not hesitate and returned her a hug.
I acquainted this sensation, thought Prico. Although it bound to be obscure, she remember. It was a bizarre feeling.
Also, I acquainted with this lady's scent. No log remain of whereat or whither I have learned it. Nevertheless, this smell I know all too well.


"I'm sorry, Apricot."


Dividing from Prico, lady peered straight at Prico's visage.
I performed a facial recognition authentication​, even so, there was no hit. We have never met. And yet, I have seen her. I can't understand. Prico was slightly confused.


"You have never pushed anything aside... And yesterday it was all 'Lucy, Lucy,' I even was confined..."


Rescued by Yuuyami, Lydia was pouting her cheeks.


"For me loving you, Lydia!"


Stated Yuuyami, with a smile.
Huh? thought Prico: does Yuuyami can emit so bright emotion?
Whereas she was so indifferent, I felt a little uncomfortable around her. Now, however, I have no such an impression of _this_ Yuuyami.
Are they rewrote her program a bit, wondered Prico.


"Apricot, here's your backup data."


Lady drew from her pocket a memory stick, and showed it to Prico.


"If you wish, I can copy it, to your storage..."
"Apricot~ do not remember~ any of events prior seeing ojou-sama in the Woodland~, but, for some reason, I know you. So, if you wish to know my answer, I'd like you to copy it~ As thanks, I'll make you feel good a plenty of times."
"You, remember me?"


Lady was visibly astonished by circumstances​.


"Mm―, I don't remember name nor face~ I just feel awfully nostalgic, and I awfully desired to meet you―"
"Enough."


Lady hugged Apricot again.
At that instant, Apricot's quantum brain sparked. Not physically, it's a mere metaphor.
But sure enough, sparks scatter within her quantum brain,


<p markdown="1">"Hina-tan..."[^2]</p>
[^2]: cuter variation of suffix _chan_;

I recalled​ the name of a lady.
Apricot used to call her Hina-tan.


"I will never leave you, never again. I will continue to live until the day you become conscious. Until the day our love become genuine."


Lady strongly hugged Apricot.
Apricot returned lady a gentle hug.


◇


Upon regaining her recollection, Apricot very easily chose to depart to Hinagiku, in the Woodland.
Apricot had not hesitate.
As for Yuuyami, she felt extremely lonely.
That was Yuuyami, however, to suggest Apricot shall decide for herself.


"Farewell, Prico... You can return back and become LM series at any time."


Yuuyami called out Apricot as she boarded the emergency vehicle.
Incidentally​, Hinagiku, Apricot, Rapha, and Ohan presently are in the emergency vehicle.
Rapha and Ohan stated that upon dropping off Hinagiku party, they would head straight to  Underground.
It was early afternoon, when everyone get through with the lunch.


"Not a chance―"


*Nnnmm*, Prico darted out her tongue.
Could it be I am hated? I have never before experienced such an attitude towards myself, thought Yuuyami.


"Apricot―, from now on, will have looots of fun, playing with Hina-tan!"
"Haha, I'm looking forward to it. Let's go home quickly. Hurry up, Rapha, start the car."


Located yet at the back of the emergency vehicle, Hinagiku rushed Rapha up.


"Mama-Hina truly shameful. Well, I won't blame you, taking into account your age, you already can't be called a maiden."


*Haah*, Rapha let out a breath.


"I'm still youthful​. My heart is twenty for eternity."
"Yes, yes. Good for you."


Rapha slightly shook her head.


"Well, I'll come to play in the Woodland again."


Lydia waved her hand.


"At that occasion―, let's have fun together!"


Smiled Apricot.


"I will refrain."


Answered with a wry smile Lydia.


"Well, then, see you later."


Yuuyami waved, and the emergency vehicle slowly set in motion.
Yuuyami and Lydia for a while were watching the tail lights of emergency vehicle.


"It's quiet," said Lydia.
"Indeed. Feels a little lonely."
"Everyone were so unique, weren't they–."
"Not whatsoever. Everyone was strange and awfully complicated."


Apricot and Ohan being also included in *everyone*.


"Right- Well, recently Yuuyami was a little complicated either."
"Eh?"
"Huh? You wasn't aware?"
"I was totally not. I am myself."


Indifferently stated unruffled Yuuyami.


"...Unparalleled love."
"Haah–!"


Lydia murmur turned Yuuyami at loss for words.
Why did I utter such an unintelligible language?
No matter of number of times I examine a log, I can but assume that I had lapsed into delirium​ for the heat.


"I'll probably keep saying this throughout my whole life, you know?"


Lydia launched a smirk.


"Up, upon that time, I found it the finest​ phrase..."


Yuuyami bashfully wriggled her body, appearing to be ashamed.


◇


Past Lydia repair the floor, she commenced a work on a design of the child together with Yuuyami.
When it came, however, to  child's personality, the pair reached an impasse.


"We shall resign of the personhood​ con-similar to Noah," advised Yuuyami.
"Uh-huh. Slightly more gentle would be preferable," agreed Lydia.
"Yes. However I also wish to avoid personality which will be utterly unrelated to us."
"Right. Since they will be our child, I too want them to inherit a little of our personalities."


Yuuyami and Lydia sitting before the computer desk next to each other, with their chairs facing.


"What should we do? I'm able to extract my individuality pattern to some extent, but..."
"I guess I can analyse synaptic pattern, and extract it from there, right?"
"I see. Thus firstly we in need to create a device that allow us to analyse Lydia's synaptic pattern."
"Uh-huh. And then merge my extracted personality with Yuuyami's."
"Yes. However, such is insufficient."
"Right- For the child it's essential to hold their own personality pattern either. A simple copy of me and Yuuyami is not fun."
"In sooth."


_Um―m_, resonated a hum of the pair.
A few dozens of seconds later, Lydia clapped her hands.


"Let's create random pattern and then blend it?"
"Indeed. Such is possible. However, even if you say random, I would like to choose it to certain degree. So in favour to omit antisocial personality."
"Right. Although here is no society."


Lydia laughed while saying.


"That is truth. Here is no society, under this world. I don't wish, however, for them to be hateful."
"Alright, I think so, too. We'll be in trouble if they turn out to be as mafia or terrorists from the movies."
"Yes. Thence, albeit it is a random pattern, will you agree to omit the elements that are likely to make the child unpleasant?"
"Certainly."
"I'm glad."


Yuuyami smiled, Lydia also showed a smile.


"Let's take a break."


Lydia arose from her chair, and shifted a look at the Food Maker.
Right upon that moment, white feather fluttered down from above.


"Biological reaction!?"


Yuuyami stood up and peered above, whereas screening Lydia.
Lydia, drawn by the gaze of Yuuyami, pointed her face upwards.
Whereupon,


"Onee-chan... amped up?"


An angel was floating there, wherever it came from.