---
layout: post
date: 2021-01-26 02:43:38 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-01-26 15:34:13 +0000
title: "Episode 44. Happy Day, Happy End."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: I had slightly scared you yesterday, huh. But here's a new chapter. And <a href="https://sakkamade.github.io/2021/01/26/hdd-issue-part-2">here</a> the information of further updates. 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054881561978
--- 

"Welcome!"
"To Lydia!"
"And Yuuyami's!"
""Marriage & Shii-chan birthday party!""


Cried through the microphone Lydia and Yuuyami.
Wearing a pure-white wedding dresses, the pair were delightfully smiling.
Both Lydia and Yuuyami had their hair set, which made them look rather mature than usual.
The library, decorated with numerous flowers, has a pleasant fragrant scent.
Bookshelves, stairs, pillars, and so forth, all were illuminated and sparkling.

"Love birds, as ever, huh."


Said Rapha in a low voice, while applauding.
Rapha's garments were changeless. A black, fluttering Gothic Lolita outfit, and rubber sole​s of the same colour.


"Love birds? Not in the database."


Stated Ohan, rising next to Rapha.
Ohan is the AD for military use with an uncovered skeletal structure, and, albeit is strong and cool, is ruthless at times​.


"No, I really wish to congratulate you. But I hate that Lydia was taken away."


Yet drank six glasses of champagne, Hinagiku had her face flushed up.
Hinagiku's attire​ was a deep crimson party-dress, the train of the skirt long enough to be in contact with the floor.
Her hair likewise wasn't tied up casually, she let it down today. Withal, it was spooled up from the middle.


"Hina-tan~, you have Apricot~ Hey~, hey~, Hina-tan, Apricot and Hina-tan should also get married, right~?"


Apricot entwined her arm around Hinagiku's. For Hinagiku was tottering, Apricot found it better to support her.
Apricot wore a maid outfit, which is a uniform of LM series.
But not for she grew a lingering attachment to LM series. This was since Hinagiku took a liking to the maid uniform.


"Damn, I'm all alone, huh?"


Groaned Noah, during performing a row of wheelie​ and jack-knife​.
High tension expressed with an entire body.
Noah's frames were polished to shiny finish, and looked like a mirror.


"To be honest, the marriage itself was much earlier!"


Lively stated Lydia.


"So that was. Lydia proposed to me in the bath, whereafter received my consent."


_Mm-hmm_​, Yuuyami said while nodding.
Being that Lydia and Yuuyami were the rulers under this world, if they say they got married, that is the official marriage.


"Uh-huh. And now that we have a child we wanted to hold  a celebration party."
"Yes. Actually, Lydia simply wished to hold a party."
"Wah, I thought that was the case."


Rapha lightly shrugged her shoulders.


"Parties are splendid. I like the bustle."


Lonely Hinagiku elevated the glass and slightly shook it.


"So? Where is Lydiyami's child?"


Noah jolted the handlebar from side to side. As an expression of scurrying.


"Noah is the type to eat a main dish out of the blue?"
"Aha. Of course, Lydiko. Delicious food should be eaten first. Well, I can live on with nothing but Power Cell."
"Wah, no, it isn't right. This is fixed rule,  delicious food should be kept until the finale."


Rapha took a step closer to Noah.
Putting the motor to reversed gear, Noah moved backwards a little.


"Why are you distancing?"
"...No, for no reason."


Noah cast a gaze― a headlights sideways.


"Well, isn't it fine?"


With that said, Hinagiku shared a passionate kiss with Apricot.
When Rapha saw it,


"S, such a conduct​, in front of her daughter, it's too much!!"


She scolded her, with  a flushed  face.
Observing a kiss of Hinagiku and Apricot, Yuuyami somehow wished to compete, subsequently giving a Lydia a sudden kiss.
Rapha, noticing the act of Yuuyami,


"Over here, over there, nothing but shameless love birds, waaa!"


Whereas shouting, she clung on to Ohan's leg and tightly closed  her eyes  shut.


"Damn, I'm jealous them every time I see it! Hurry up, introduce Lydiyami-san's child as soon as possible! I'll make her my bride!"
"Eh? It's no good?"
"Mama will not permit."


Gravely  said Lydia and Yuuyami.
Noah retreated a little once again.


"Off you go, show me my  nude granddaughter sooner."
"They won't be naked! They will wear clothes! Also, Hinagiku, don't confine our child!"
"Withal, for we have not assigned the gender, if you see them naked it is all but smooth, all right?"
"What, smooth? If so, I'm not interested."


In one gulp Hinagiku drained the glass of its content, and made her way towards the table to get a new one.


"Hina-tan, you are drinking too much~"


Supporting Hinagiku, Apricot likewise went to the table, together with her.


"Mama-Hina is really, epitome  of a wasted adult..."


Rapha let out a  sigh, in disgust.


"Really-..." Lydia also sighed. "But, regain your minds, Shii-chan! You can come out now-!"


Lydia pointed her gaze at the bookshelves.
Shii popped a face out from behind the bookshelf.
Shii appeared to be of nighly the same age as Rapha, and has a tawny​ shortcut hair. Lydia and Yuuyami had adjusted it to the length which could be used by both boy and girl.
Shii's eyes were big and cute, the emphasis was upon cuteness rather than beautifully moulding face.
Shii briskly trotted from bookshelf, moving to Lydia and Yuuyami's side.
Shii's garments were a white long-sleeved tee shirt, and denim overalls. Clothing is likewise something that both boy and girl can wear.
Shii squeezed the hem of Lydia's dress with left hand, the train of Yuuyami's dress with right hand.
Whereupon,


"It's... rather... nice to meet you."


Having the eyes lightly downcast, Shii bashfully said so.


"W, wah, cute!"


Surprised Rapha widely opened eyes.


"So charming, I'd never think it's Lydiyami's child! I want you to be my bride after all!"
"I am... Shii. It is, rather, a tentative name. I am, rather, not, be your wife."


When Shii complete a self-introduction, Lydia stroked Shii's head.
Upon Lydia finished stroking it, was Yuuyami turn to brush Shii's hair.


"Hmm. Cute," observed Hinagiku. "Be a girl. And then get naked."


Hinagiku cannot stand on her own, and completely supported by Apricot.


"And then, we will fulfil a dream of multi-person's play, Hina-tan!"


Enthusiastically said Apricot.


"No, I will not permit," Yuuyami said, with great seriousness.
"Right-," agrees Lydia. "Someday Shii will get conscious, and will flirt with a loved one–."
"There's no guarantee it won't be me!"
"Eeh―!?" exclaims Apricot. "That's no good, Hina-tan! Fooling around​ is fine, but I don't really like it~!"
"Alright, I love you, Apricot."


_Chu―_, Hinagiku kisses Apricot again.


"Hinagiku is fine with anyone, after all."


Said a little annoyed Lydia.


"Don't worry Lydia. You have me. It is no problem. We shall compete them."


Yuuyami also kissed Lydia once again. Unlike Hinagiku, it was a light kiss, which just touched their lips.
Shii observed a pair of mothers with a sparkling eyes.


◇


Five years have passed.
Shii was indifferently working on specifications for a new navigation system to be installed upon the motorcycle.
Shii has intelligence and a sense of humour.
However Shii wasn't conscious. In other words, Shii was an ordinary AD.
In concise, a hollow shell that but works according to program. The same goes for Ohan, Apricot, and Noah.
The difference between Shii and other AD is a quality of the parts that composing a body, and superiority of programs.
Shii has a body that bring together best of technologies and flawless, sophisticated​ programming and database. Physically, with a higher efficiency than Yuuyami right from the beginning.


"Hey, listen," Lydia addressed Shii.


Keeping a work at the computer, Shii asked, "What is wrong, Mama-Lydi?"


"I have a new mission. Can you do it?"
"Rather, I'm still in the middle of the mission."
"You shall do this mission afterwards. Please give a priority to the new one."


Set a degree of relative priority Yuuyami.
Shii able to decide on their own priorities, however as long as creators, Lydia and Yuuyami, are present, they are taking a priority over their orders.


"Yes, Mama-Yuu."
"Incidentally, collect a plant sample," asked Lydia. "I sent a data to your tablet, Shii, so check and execute it."


Hearing Lydia's words, Shii reached the tablet upon the computer desk with a left hand.


"I'm off."


Shii began arrangements without a delay.


◇


Set a speed of Noah to one hundred kilometres per hour, Shii indifferently headed for the destination.
Of course, there's nothing they were meditating upon, whilst going against the wind at speed of one hundred. Nor feel.
Whereas catching a sight of the world resembling a wasteland, such did not arouse any emotion in Shii.
However, it is possible for them to behave as though they has an emotions.
Nevertheless, no thing  stimulates Shii. Neither library, garage, Maker Factory, nor a Satellite Launching Institution; none have ever moved Shii's heart.
There is no quale within Shii. They has no sense of materials  texture.


"Yoo, let's talk, aye?"


Said Noah.


"All right. What do you what to talk about?"


<p markdown="1">Tilting a head, asked Shii.</p>
[^10]: yes, I understand that the word _rather_ isn't signify much of politeness, however that's the best I could come up with;

"Isn't Rapha scary?"
"Aunt Rapha? She is, rather, very kind."
"I see-. Not so kind to me, though–."
"Rather, why is it?"
"It seems for riding me isn't comfortable. More than that, Shi-chan, why do you attach 'rather' to each phrase? Is it has something with __razor__?"
"It's not-... I'm just being polite-"[^10]
"I see. I think you are using it a little wrong, well, it's okay. For each person, each bike, and each AD, their own, huh."


Laughing lightly, they enjoyed a silent driving for awhile.
When,


"Designated place," said Noah.
"We have, rather, arrived."
"Aha," said Noah, slowing down.


Upon a complete ceasing, Shii dismount Noah.
Then, as planned, a plant sample collecting.
At the moment Shii touched a plant. A tiny purple flower.
I couldn't understand a reason of intending to collect it first. There was no deep meaning, I thought. I only tried to collect it since it was within my reach.
The moment.
Some sort of emotion born in Shii.
Shii doesn't understand the emotion. Shii couldn't even fathom if it is an emotion, in the first place.
However,


"...Rather, beautiful."


Spontaneously, I assembled such words.
At that moment,
a drop of water fall down the sky― such an image born within Shii.
A water droplet fell upon the water surface, invoking​ a ripple.
At that moment, at that instant, Shii gained consciousness.
I learned, a consciousness had sprout up.
All kinds of qualia filled Shii up; Shii - a dynamic zombie, was no longer.
Recognising it, Shii evoke a built-in communication device on-line.
Approximately five seconds later, two windows had appeared in the corner of my visual field.
The windows projected Yuuyami and Lydia. One window for each.


"What happened? A problem? Need a help?"


Lydia tilted her head.
Seeing the gesture, Shii thought, 'How cute she is! Absolutely adorable, as if she was loved by the universe.'


"I guess it is not a serious problem, for it doesn't hold a distress signal, am I wrong? Nevertheless, if you need us, we shall immediately head forth."


Said Yuuyami.
In comparison to Shii, Yuuyami is an old type of Autodoll. Even a communication device is not built-in. Hence, Yuuyami utilise a tablet for talk  with Shii, just like Lydia.
However, regarding this Yuuyami, Shii sensed a beauty that dazzled the visual sensor, along with a great tenderness. 


"Even though it's a big problem-, I don't need a help–."


Stated Shii.
Now, Shii perceived their own type of the voice​ for the first time. Whereafter, 'Not bad,' they thought.


"A big problem?" Lydia tilted her head to the other side.
"However help is superfluous? What had happened?" Yuuyami also inclined her head sideways.
"I think, I really love both of you."


Shii threw the arms forth. Of course, the gesture was not transmit to the pair.
A brief silence.
Lydia and Yuuyami were in attempt to distinguish Shii's words.
Since the time Shii was born, Shii had never expressed a love towards them.
Consequently, such occurrence without a doubt​ an unforeseen for the pair.


"So-," gotten impatient, Shii speak to them first: "I'm rather conscious of it!"


Hearing Shii's remark, Lydia and Yuuyami jumped from the windows.


"Really!?" "Is it truth!?"


The words of the pair overlapped.


"I don't have a subroutine, to lie."


When Shii said so, the pair clapped their hands, brimming with smiles.
It has been five years since they booted Shii up.
And finally, the consciousness segregated from **That** had reached the point.
Commenced all alone, Yuuyami found Lydia, they became a pair,
then, upon creating a child, they became a trinity.
Today,  has completed its prologue a tale of the certain era.


◇


Creators dreams in a decaying world.
Upon one day in the bathtub, Lydia  desired of beauteous dream, that will last for ever.