---
layout: post
date: 2021-01-10 15:46:41 +0300
last_modified_at: 2021-02-12 23:44:19 +0000
title: "Episode 27. Lydia and Ohan."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054881248868
---

Ohan easily carried Apricot under his arm​.
As expected,​ Ohan truly is powerful-, thought Lydia.


"Put her here."


Lydia pointed at the floor beside the computer desk.
Ohan laid Apricot down lengthwise, upon the place designated by Lydia. It was an extraordinary courteous and gentle motion.
Ohan was an AD  for military use, however, Rapha modified his hands, so to allow him the capacity of delicate work.


"Thank you, Ohan."


Without a delay, Lydia inserted Lightning Blade into the port of Apricot.


"What are you going to do, with this AD?"
"Just examine her."


Whereas saying that, Lydia sat down before the desk, and booted computer up.


"Why?"
"To find out what's wrong, and to look for the way to mend her."


Lydia tapped the holographic keyboard, and launched software to inspect system of Apricot.


"Is that so."


Silence.
Lydia was being absorbed in the computer screen, whilst Ohan stood silently,   he often doing so without instructions, in the first place.


"Ah."


Suddenly, Lydia stopped her fingers.


"What is it?"


Asked Ohan.


"Um. Err, now that I think about it, we should have brought back just a head."
"Just a head?"
"Right. Apricot's head."
"Apricot?"
"Name of this AD."
"Is that so. Why just a head of Apricot?"
"Because is there her quantum brain and storage."


Akin to human brain.
Bygone humans were trying to bring AD closer and closer to humans. From that tendency, quantum brain is mounted within the head.


"Because there?"
"Er, so-, it would have been possible to repair her–."


Apricot is an AD, thus, her body can be  changed  as much as one desire. Upon the quantum brain and storage will be transferred, it become a fresh Apricot.
Of course, only under assumption that Apricot was not conscious.
In case I would do the same to Yuuyami, I could not be confident of Yuuyami staying Yuuyami.


"Is that so."


Does Ohan grasp it, Lydia didn't know.
Ohan's voice invariant​ at any situation. Even flatter than of Yuuyami.


"Um. If so, I didn't need bother to summon Rapha."


For if we took but a head, it might be  brought in the backpack of Yuuyami.


"Why did not you do that?"
"Ah―, that's, er. I didn't realise it at that time. Since I'm a human being, while 'I should have done this,' I often realise things afterwards."
"I see. What about Yuuyami then?"


Yuuyami is not a human being. Conscious AD, an intelligent life-form. She is far more logical than Lydia, and passim offer the best solutions at the right hour.


"Since Yuuyami was angry."


Lydia shrugged her shoulders, afore let out a sigh.
The wrath keep intelligent life-forms away from optimal solutions. Upon the worst times, such can made to forget oneself. Of course, Yuuyami was not ardently angry.
Even so, the discernment​ of Yuuyami turned impaired, believes Lydia.


"Yuuyami was angry?"
"Uh-huh."
"How did she get angry?"
"She was frowning."
"Was that beautiful?"
"Eh? Anger isn't beautiful, is it?"
"But, Yuuyami is beautiful."
"Her appearance?"
"Yes."
"If that how it is, even upon the hour of anger she is beautiful, right?"


For Yuuyami appearance, she undoubtedly would be charming, even if she were to cry.
I'd like to make her cry a little, thought Lydia. However, Yuuyami has no feature to shed a tears.
Withal, she said that she had no plans to retrofit such function later.


"Lydia-sama also, beautiful."
"Eh?"


In surprise, Lydia snapped her eyes open.


"Lydia-sama also, beautiful."


Ohan repeated.


"Am, am I?"


Lydia turned upon the chair to face Ohan. Whereafter, pointed at her nose with finger of her right hand.


"Yes."
"Really truth?"
"Yes."
"Whaai! I'm so happy-!"


Lydia clapped her hands, in delight.
Until now, Lydia has never considered herself beautiful. It was inevitable, sole  comparison object was Yuuyami.
The word _beautiful_ can be applied to only extol the appearance of Yuuyami. Lydia believed so.
However.
Upon hearing that I look beautiful, happiness spread from the depth of my heart.


"But," proceed Ohan.
"Eh? Is there more?"


Lydia suppressed her rejoice.
Being the plausible of meaning to turn different, due to Ohan's remark hereafter​.
For instance: beautiful, until you speak; beautiful, if you are not doing anything; and so forth.


"Yuuyami's words. 'You are not beloved since you are beautiful.'"
"Mn?"


Subject leaped.


"Then, how can..."
"Wait Ohan."
"Yes."
"Have you already finished, of how beautiful and adorable I am?"
"The subject about Lydia being beautiful is over. I am not talking about how beautiful and adorable you are."
"Ah, um. I see..."
"Is that okay for me to continue?"
"Go ahead."
"How can I be loved?"
"Mn―?"


Lydia bent her neck.


"I want, to be loved."
"Er, does that means romantically?"
"I do not understand."
"Mmn―, then, by whom do you want to loved?"
"By someone."
"Ah―, mn―, wait a minute."
"Yes."


Lydia sorted through Ohan's words.
Thereat, soon, she realised that a sorting is superfluous. What Ohan saying is straightforward. He wanted to be loved by someone. That is it.
The question is,


"Ohan, did you become conscious?"


Ordinary AD would not say they want to be loved. Unless were programmed so.


"No. There is no signs of that."
"Really?"
"Yes."
"I see."


Lydia nodded. Ohan may not be conscious at this point, being he says so.
However, could not be denied the likelihood of consciousness have begun to germinate.


"Lydia-sama, I want to be loved, even if I am not conscious."
"I like Ohan, you know? I considered you cool from the first time I saw you. Albeit Yuuyami was scared of Ohan at first; at present, I guess, she likes you, you know?"
"Is that so."
"Gratified?"
"No."
"Does me and Yuuyami are not good?"
"What about, ojou-sama?"
"Aah, that sort of thing..."


Lydia understood. Ohan did not wish to be loved by anyone. He desire to be loved by Rapha.
Have not recognised it, however.
Should I point it out or not, hesitated Lydia.
Even if I inform him, it was a complex matter of Ohan would understand. He must realise such himself.
Ohan stared at Lydia with the vermilion eyes, awaiting the answer.


"Unfortunately, Rapha may not like Ohan."
"Is that so."


Ohan's voice was flat.


"Rapha herself, consider AD as tools. I don't reckon she ever thought of liking or hating them, in the first place. I believe she judge whether they are handy or not."


Ohan was being silent.


"Er, however, we never know where future brings us, aren't we?"
"What does that means?"
"That's, I don't think that's impossible for Rapha to turn and look behind. Perhaps."
"To look behind?"
"Er, I mean, she could come to like Ohan."
"What needs to be done?"
"Before anything else, Ohan must love Rapha. Thereupon, he can show it through speech and deeds. Then, perhaps, such shall move Rapha's heart. That's how it was with me, you know?"
"How was that?"
"Whereafter Yuuyami gathered me, she very, immensely, sincerely treated me with a great care. For a looong time Yuuyami treated me carefully. Even if I have no recollection, I could understand that much. Therefore, I also gently consider Yuuyami as very important existence to me. I believe that is the origin of love."


Albeit only recently we have realised the mutual love was romantic.


"Ojou-sama is important. She is my master."
"Rather, you must show it even further, with complete devotion, in a great scale! Such appeal."
"I do not understand the difference."
"That's right. Um. I guess so. Even so, Ohan ought to ponder over it himself, and behave as he deemed to be right. That is, if you truly wish to be loved."
"I am wishing."
"Well, then, do your best."


Thence, he should realise. Ohan, wishing to receive the love of Rapha, in the end, will discover that
he loves Rapha.
Lydia have no insight upon the circumstances of how the emotion was born, nor even it being an emotion, in the first place.
However, he must notice; believed the girl.


"Please provide me with subroutine for me doing my best."
"I mustn't do that. You have to study and build it by yourself. Since Ohan has a proper self-learning potential. The repetition of trials & errors."


That way, the new subroutine shall be  constructed naturally.
The subroutine ought to be obtained, not created. Such is very important matter, believed Lydia.
If Lydia install the 'Subroutine to Seduce Rapha' it would have no point for Ohan to receive Rapha's love.
Such thing is trifling. A snow as though, will melt and disappear under the change of the season.


"I do not even know how to make a first attempt."
"Mn―, that's a bit of problem," Lydia grew a wry smile. "Alright. Then I'll consult with Yuuyami and give you advice, only for the first attempt–."


Otherwise, Ohan would never make a move, thought Lydia.


"Thank you very much."


Ohan's voice, was as flat as ever.