---
layout: post
date: 2021-01-06 14:26:22 +0300
last_modified_at: 2021-02-12 23:39:24 +0000
title: "Episode 25. Please Love."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: The first chapter that title was in English originally.
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054881197474
---

"What? By what means are you carrying that thing​?"


Asked Noah, jet-black motorcycle.
Yuuyami and Lydia has returned to the edge of Woodland.
'That thing' Noah called Apricot― a female AD that Yuuyami was carrying.
Before they noticed, Apricot closed her eyes and completely ceased operate.


"I will keep her on my back and ride Noah in tandem seat."
"It's overweight. I'll die. Pardon me."
"Hmm. Then I shall return afoot with her on my back."
"If so, you'll return at sunset, you know?"


Slightly tilted her head Lydia.


"Do you have any other ideas?"


Yuuyami shifted her gaze at Lydia.


"Uh-huh, just watch," Lydia raised her left wrist and operated the wearable; "Rapha! Help! Immediately get over here with emergency vehicle! I'm begging of you!"
"Onee-chama!?"


Rapha's voice can be heard from the wearable.


"I'll be there in forty, wah, no, in thirty minutes!"
"Eh? By any chance, was Rapha always monitoring my whereabouts?"
"That's... There was no such a thing! Wah, I had, free time, so I validated it just now!"


Answered Rapha, seemed to be very impatient.
Wearables have not merely provided with communication feature, but also has embedded facility for transmission a location information.


"Hm- Well, that's fine- I'm waiting."
"Wah, yes!"


Broadcast is over.


"Indeed," gives a nod Yuuyami.
"Since I received such great wearable, I have to use it."


Shrugged her shoulders Lydia.


"The wording was a bit exaggerated, don't you think?"
"But, there was no untruth, right?"


Yuuyami reviewed the log from a while ago.
Help― The fact, we wishing for her help us.
Immediately get over here with emergency vehicle― So to lay  Apricot therein.
I'm begging of you― Veritable request.
Yuuyami slightly nodded.


"Indeed. No problem."


◇


Approximately thirty minutes elapsed.
Rapha and Ohan approached the Woodland in emergency vehicle.
Yuuyami laid Apricot down, in emergency vehicle, and grew a deep breath.


"Yuuyami."


Sitting in emergency vehicle, Ohan called her.
Apropos, Rapha was  now outside, having a chat with Lydia.


"What is it?"


Yuuyami also took a seat in the emergency vehicle.


"Yuuyami, beautiful."
"Thank you very much."


Yuuyami was not modest. For she had been aware of her own attractiveness.
If Yuuyami said: "I'm not beautiful," it would be mere sarcastic remark.


"I am envious."


Ohan was firmly observing Yuuyami.


"Ohan also, you are cool. Lydia deems so."
"I want, to be beautiful."
"Are you signifying an outward appearance?"
"Yes."
"Hmm. Why don't you discuss it with Rapha-san?"
"Ojou-sama believes, for AD decoration​s unnecessary."
"I see."
"Yuuyami's voice, also beautiful. I want to alter my voice, so it is also would be beautiful."
"Ohan, are you, perhaps, becoming conscious?"


Envying of something; wishing for something. Such appeared rather humane.
Even so, it has something that does not feel rightly.
Yuuyami has never envied of something so tempestuous.
Yuuyami satisfied with herself.
Apparently, plenty of properties which even Yuuyami is lacking.
However,
these are not issues, for Lydia would fill them utterly.


"No. There are no signs of that. I am not conscious."
"I see. It's curious. Whereas you are not conscious, then why would  you ask for such?"
"That's because Yuuyami wanted."
"Me?"
"Wanted Lydia's love."
"Ah-, I understand."


Ohan was connected with Yuuyami once. Upon that time,  feelings of Yuuyami flowed into him. He was asked to facilitate the processing of emotions, to be exact.


"That is why, I want, to be beautiful, too."
"Please wait. I can't connect it together. You wishing to be beautiful for my desire for Lydia's love?"
"I want, to be loved."
"By whom? Lydia?"
"Because I want to be loved, I want, to be beautiful. If I would be beautiful, I will be loved.  Yuuyami and Lydia, both beautiful."
"Ohan misunderstanding. I do not love Lydia since she beautiful. I love her because she is Lydia."


As though to verify words of Yuuyami, Ohan went silent.
Yuuyami waited for Ohan's reaction.


"Still, I want, to be beautiful."
"This is only my opinion, but Ohan is already beautiful enough. Likewise, you understand, I guess she loves you?"


Ohan did not utter a word.
Perhaps he cannot comprehend Yuuyami's words.


"If you understand it, and yet wishing to change your appearance, I shall request Rapha-san."


◇


"You found AD?"


Asked Rapha.
Weather was nice today, optimal for exploration.
Albeit, Rapha are not wishing to do that.


"Uh-huh," Lydia nodded.


Lydia and Yuuyami desired viewing the world around. Today as well, they ran their motorcycle, and found AD.
Rapha lightly sighed.
Judging by broadcast, Rapha guessed that the two had fallen into grave situation.
However, in fact, they merely wished to transport  AD.
The relief and disappointment. One or two sighs naturally made its way out.
With that being said however,


"Kunagi Woodland, huh."


Regarded the Woodland Rapha.
Woodland, that appeared to divide heaven and earth. The sky, the earth, and the Woodland. Here, such three colours were blend together.
Rapha had, somewhat, strange feeling.


"Why does only here, remains so clear?"


World is destroyed. It has not a sign of humanity that were boasting their prosperity.
However, Rapha believes.
Such might be the correct scenery of the world.
Wild land, and high sky. For sure such is genesis paysage.
And Rapha,  do not hate its view.


"I don't know. But, I guess, they left it like this, intentionally."


Lydia also peered the Woodland.


"Mika?"
"Perhaps, me either."


Silence.
It was unknown of whose intention had that occurred. Upon seeing result, however, a possibility of there was no any volition at all seem to be accurate.
Unless she would meet and talk to Mika, or Lydia's recollection would return, anything could tread no further than​ mere speculations.


"Is she―" Lydia pointed at Woodland; "―here? Mika."
"Wah, I don't know. But if Mika left the Woodland in such a state, it might be possible."


Either way is  fine, thought Rapha.
After all, Rapha are not going to look for Mika. I have no intentions exploring the Woodland. That is not  suit my nature.


"By the way, who is that Mika? If that's cute girl, she can get on my seat."


Suddenly, a strange voice could be heard.
Rapha looked around restlessly, "What was that?"


<p markdown="1">"Me, me, it's me. Ultra-sweet-bike - Noah-san. Nice to meet you, chibiko[^1]."</p>
[^1]: cute *little* girl;

Thus Rapha recognised owner of the voice.


"Motorbike speaks!? Moreover, does it called me chibi just now!?"
"Oi, oi, bikes are talking nowadays, aye? Chibiko."
"Wah, how discourteous, to call me something like chibi at the first meeting! Wah, it's violation of human rights! Wah, it's discriminative term! Wah, it's disgusting!"


Rapha  was being ranting, a raging fire  as though.


"Ah, oh-, m, my bad. I won't say it any more. No joke."


Noah succumbed to the vigour of Rapha and sincerely apologised.


"What is it? This unrefined  artificial intelligence..."


Rapha glared at Lydia.
No matter how I'd look at it, Noah's personality is not designed by Yuuyami. If Yuuyami, it would have had slightly better identity.
Lydia can be the only one to set up such a foolish personhood. Moreover, no mistaking, she must have decided that on the spot, without much of thinking.


"Ah-, e-r," Lydia averted her gaze away from Rapha; "I also think-, I overdid it a little–."
"If you understand, please rectify it as soon as possible!"


Rapha drew closer to Lydia's face.
Some further and the distance would have been enough for kiss, however Rapha has no intention of doing so.


"O―i, I guess I also have my own, even if not human, transport rights―"


Uttered Noah.


"Shut up!"


Rapha sternly glared at Noah.
Noah fell silent.


"N, now-now. Calm down, alright?"


Lydia turned her palms towards Rapha, indicated a soothing gesture.


"Can you please revise it?"
"No―, how about that― Look, I have transport rights–."
"Onee-chama."
"Yes."
"There is no such a thing as transport rights."
"Yes."
"Please, rectify it, okay?"
"Ah, er..."


Lydia swam her eyes around. As though in search for someone's help.


"Come on,  we shall return back to the library."


From behind Rapha, voice of Yuuyami was heard.
Yuuyami finished stowing aboard​ an AD, and got out the emergency vehicle.
However, Rapha believes. It was slow for Yuuyami. Naturally, I do not blame her for that.
It would be good if she has no malfunction; only such were Rapha's thoughts.


"What is wrong?"


Sideways inclined her head Yuuyami.


"Mm―mm! Let's return!"


Lydia noisily ran towards the voice, and wrapped her arms around Yuuyami's waist.
Oh dear, she escaped, thought Rapha.
Nonchalantly, Yuuyami caressed Lydia's head.
Lydia closed her eyes in bliss.
Upon seeing such pair, Rapha's fury vanished somewhere far.
Instead,
Rapha grew awfully isolated.
Whereupon,
in the nook of that loneliness,
I'm so jealous, thought the girl.