---
layout: post
date: 2021-01-23 02:07:05 +0000
last_modified_at: 
title: "Episode 41. Michael."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054881561963
---

Angel lightly flew down, placing its feet upon the floor.
Age of the angel was around fifteen, its emerald-green hair bundled up on the right side.


"Who are you?"


Asked Yuuyami, appearing to be wary.
Lydia, however, wasn't particularly vigilant. Peeking at its face from behind of Yuuyami, 'What are you doing with the wings when it's time to sleep?' were her thoughts.


"I am... Michael. Yuuyami, and onee-chan. The two of you... amped up?"


Lightly giggled  Angel.


"Michael you say... Mika perhaps?"


Asked Lydia, popping forth from behind of Yuuyami.


"Uh-huh. *Third・Tenmoku* of Angel Project... Little sister, of you, onee-chan."
"Despite you little sister, your development​ greater than mine!?"


Said Lydia, whereas observing Mika's chest.
The bulge was clearly larger than Lydia's.


"Because Mika was... the latest... successful work."
"It's like I'm a failure... Well, maybe a bit of failure..."


<p markdown="1">Lydia let out a mild sigh, as she cast a gaze upon her own chest.</p>
[^1]: ［Chiisai］- small;［Oppai］- breasts;

"Such sort of thing is irrelevant," confidently stated Yuuyami; "I like Lydia's _chippai_."
"_Chippai_!?"
"It is a short form for _chiisai oppai_."[^1]
"Uh-huh, I figured as much, though? And although I figured, I don't like it!"
"You don't? I consider it as an enormously easy-to-understand from."
"That's right! I think you're right! But I don't like it!"
"I see. Then let us not say it any more."
"Now, now," Mika showed her palms to the pair; "because, your parent, Hina, is _chippai_, after all."
"Don't say _chippai_--!"


Lydia stomped upon the spot.


"Let us leave subject apropos the chest for the time being," suggested Yuuyami. "Why are you here, Mika-san? How did you get in here, to begin with?"
"The reason... why does little sister wish to meet onee-chan?"
"Yes."
"...I see. Here... Well, Mika, came here, wishing to talk with onee-chan. It seems, a various things, has settled down... and since Aki-chan, too, says that it's okay to go."
"Aki-chan?"


Lydia tilted her head.


"Ah, let's see, iris, the flower..."
"Are you acquainted?"


Said Yuuyami, in surprise.
Lydia was surprised as well.


"Uh-huh. Because Mika, Aki-chan's assistant..."
"Assistant, what does it denotes?"
"Helping, with the work..."
"Yes. I understand as much. It is not..."
"What is this Iris-flower in the first place?"


Asked Lydia, interrupting the words of Yuuyami.


"'That's what onee-chan will discover... after the last task...'  said Aki-chan."
"I see- To find out the true form of Iris, right?"


Lydia's mood turned rather merry.
It's enjoyable to explore the unknown. I was already considered to attempt to unravel the truth regarding the Iris.
Albeit, for I was buried under various projects and explorations, it was postponed.


"Uh-huh. Then... once you find the true identity, the two must go dream, together, Iris asked."
"Which _two_?"


Questioned Yuuyami; Mika pointed at Lydia, and then at Yuuyami.


"Dream together, a Dream Server?"
"Uh-huh."


Upon Mika nod, Lydia was convinced.
Iris provide a cue for the Dream Server not for mere help to Yuuyami.
Perhaps this is the first choice of Iris.
The milestone for Yuuyami and Lydia to meet Iris together.


"I'm motivated! Yuuyami, let us identify the true form of Iris without a delay?"
"Alright."
"No good," says Mika; "You have to make a child first... Aki-chan, will go afterwards."
"Eh? Is that so?"
"Uh-huh. Aki-chan, said... so."
"I see. Understood. Well, then, let us produce a child firstly, but before that."


Lydia stared at Mika.
Mika slightly bent her neck.


"Mika, did you destroy the world?"


Straightforwardly  asked Lydia. I am not good with roundabout technique.


"Yeah―"


Mika answer, as though it's nothing.


"Am I related to it too?​"
"Mm―?"
"I mean, did I contribute you, to destroy it?"
"Mm―mm," Mika shook her head; "Not... contributed."


_Phew_, Lydia was fairly relieved to hear Mika's words.


"I see. And for what reason did Mika bring the world doom?"
"Er, that was, a wish, of humanity​..."
"The wish of, humanity​?"


Said Yuuyami, appears to be unconvinced.


"Ah―, um―, that is... Aki-chan, explain... hereupon, I think."
"Hmm. What is Aki-chan?"


Casually asked Lydia.


"Cheating is... no good. Think it over... yourself."
"Tsk, even though I thought I'd get the answer."


Lydia spread her arms.
Timing wasn't bad, the question was in natural flow; so, Lydia thought, if I would be lucky, Mika will speak just like that.
Well, albeit it is not particularly work, it doesn't matter. I asked for the sake of mere  trial.


"Mika, has to speak... something other than just, about Aki-chan."
"Uh-huh. What is it?"


Asked Lydia; Mika briskly, with a small steps, drew near Lydia and, just like that, embraced her.


"I love you... onee-chan."
"Tha, thank you."


Lydia a little hesitated, whether stroke Mika's head or not.
Mika is taller and has a larger breasts. The impression Mika gave off more of onee-chan.


"Hey―, stop. Stop it―"


Yuuyami broke in between the two, and divide Lydia of Mika.


"Mika-san."
"Mm?"
"In what sense do you have a love for Lydia?"
"Eh? Mika... loves onee-chan, as onee-chan. It's okay... I won't, snatch her from bed."
"I see. I'm relieved. Pray continue."


Yuuyami took a one step backward.


"Yuuyami, you rather jealous, aren't you?"
"Eh?"


Said Lydia, Yuuyami snapped her eyes open.
Apparently, Yuuyami seemed to be unaware.


"You pulled me apart at tremendous velocity even at that time with Apricot."
"W, was that so?"


Yuuyami grew blurry.
For Yuuyami do not bear the ability to lie, she cannot say "There was no such phenomenon."
So you bound to remember it, for there's an action log, guessed Lydia.



"But I'm not particularly condemn you, you know? Instead, I'm rather pleased."


*Ehehe*, tittered Lydia.


"Yes. I pulled you apart at the great speed."


Proudly stated Yuuyami​.
How mercantile-, thought Lydia.
Supposing Yuuyami was born as a human, with emotions from the very beginning, most likely she would have grown up having this kind of personality, no mistaking it.
Well, there is no such thing, thus no point to use imagination.
I like the indifferent Yuuyami as well as the bright one, thought Lydia.
Henceforth Yuuyami will be wield by emotions, will be saying things that she doesn't properly understand, and her personality will slightly alter.
However, Lydia loves Yuuyami so much that such matter appear to be trivial.


"...Love birds..."


Said Mika, in whisper.
Lydia and Yuuyami pretended not to hear it.


"Ah, Mika, will you stay tonight?"


Asked Lydia, in order to change the subject.


"Mm―mm," Mika shook her head: "Mika, going home."
"I see. I still have a lot to talk about so come again."
"Mm―mm."


Mika shook her head once more.


"Mika, won't be coming, any more. Therefore.. it's, a sayonara, as well..."
"Why won't you come?"
"Since, before long, Mika, will go... far away... Mika already prepared."
"Far away? If I go by motorcycle, can I go to play around?"
"Impossible."


Mika set afloat, just a little, but lonely smile.


"Eh―? Where are you going?"
"Secret."
"Even though it was such long-awaited encounter..."
"It'll be okay. Onee-chan... has Yuuyami.., chibi-nee-chan, and Hina, too..."
"That's right, and you, Mika, will have but Mika?"
"Fufu... Makes me happy... But, _bye-bye_..."


Mika fluttered her wings and ascent, such appeared rather amorous​.


"Is that truly a _bye-bye_?"
"Uh-huh. I love you, onee-chan... And, Yuuyami."
"Me subsequently​?"
"It's not, the case. Do your best, together, from now on, okay?"
"Although I don't actually understand, but alright. Take care."


Farewells are lonely, however I cannot force her to detain.
For Mika has a life of Mika.
Just like Lydia has a life of Lydia.


"Give my regards, to Noah."
"You know Noah?"
"Uh-huh. The best, bike."


Mika smiled happily, recollected something as though.
Whereafter,


"So, long."


Mika waved her hand,
fluttered her wings,
and vanished, just like that.
It was as though she didn't exist in the first place.


"She is gone."


Whispered Yuuyami.


"Uh-huh. How did she vanish?"
"I don't know. However, over yonder the traces of a little distorted space."
"Perhaps she didn't disappear, perhaps she break through to the different airspace-?"
"Such might be, I'm not fully understand."
"Well, let's drink café au lait​ and continue designing our child?"
"Yes. Shall we."


The matters that we need to do, have piled up like a mountain.
The matters that we wish to do, are so many as there are stars.


◇


The monitor-room located but slightly out of phase with Lydia's library.
Upon Mika return to that monitor-room


"Thee art positive in this?"


The iris flower was waving there.


"What?"
"Now we can turn back, right? Thee mayst choose, too, the path to live together with Lydia and others."
"...Mika, will go with Aki-chan..."
"Ourself made mere final acknowledgment."
"Mika, is not... so interested, in this planet."


With that said, Mika fold her wings, and placed herself upon the floor.
Albeit there is no illumination in the room, the light emitted by monitors is dazzling.


"Yea."


Iris narrowed its stem.


"Uh-huh."


With a nod, Mika pointed her gaze at the monitor.
The monitor show Lydia, the monitor show Rapha, the monitor show Hinagiku, as well as various distinct places in the world.
Soon, she shall part with this room likewise.


"Epilogue for ourself."


Quoth Iris, Mika looked towards Iris.


"Prologue for Lydia and Yuuyami."
"Uh-huh."


Said Mika, listening.


"Such is nigh to the end. Such is the end, and the beginning. Ourself, too, feels a little lonely."
"But... this is, the way it is, right?"
"Yea. Now, we hast to remodel Mika's body a little further. So in order to depart with ourself."
"Uh-huh. Would it, hurt?"
"Have it ever hurt?"


Iris inclined the flower.


"Not. It was, just the line, I wanted, to say."
"Understood."


Iris let out a short giggle as though, so seemed to Mika.