---
layout: post
date: 2021-01-11 16:26:05 +0300
last_modified_at: 2021-02-12 23:46:52 +0000
title: "Episode 28. Resurrection of Apricot and Whereabouts of Wager."
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Autodoll Dreams in a Decaying World
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/4852201425154961396/episodes/1177354054881248906
---

Lydia, Rapha, and Yuuyami skinned Apricot's artificial skin, and replaced some parts.
Whereafter applied a new artificial skin, and changed colour of her hair to blue.
For Rapha declared: 'Wah, it's uncomfortable for SA series to resemble onee-chama,' hair colour was changed to the degree when she can obtain a peace of mind.
Apropos, we have not hitherto dressed her.


"Wah, it wasn't in such a bad condition as it looked."


Said Rapha.
The cause of Apricot's outage was an unplugged Power Cell.
Apricot moved a little, as energy seldom still remained within her.


"Indeed. Why did they throw her away, however, since she was not being broken?"
"They must've lose interest in it. Disgusting. Satisfying wild instincts by using one SA series after another."


Rapha said such, appeared to feel unpleasant from the bottom of her heart.


"Rapha, why are you  loathing  sex-related matters so much?"


Lydia cannot understand it well.
Humans, whether new breed or archaic, having instinctively included into DNA the desire of procreation. Accordingly, in many cases, human kind​ liked sexual activity.
Of course​, that is not concern every single human. There are exceptions for everything.


"A, after all... it's..."


Rapha's cheeks blushed, afore she cast her eyes downward​.


"After all?"


Tilted her head Lydia.
Rapha looked at the floor as is, without utter any further.
Albeit awaiting for a while, Rapha mouth remained shut.
Lydia lightly shrugged her shoulders.


"Incidentally," Yuuyami changed the subject: "there are traces that Apricot had her storage backup, afore initialization. What are your opinions apropos of  it?"
"Is there any reason other than copying it to the new AD?"


Lifted her face Rapha.


"If that is truth, I guess, Rapha-san's conjecture​ may be correct."


The owner of Apricot got tired of her, and reproduced a new model of SA series. She guessed they copied the data from Apricot's storage, for it would be troublesome to start from nought.


"Well, such is fine. Let's reboot her?"


Lydia raised up her arms. I was eager​ for typing a restart command as soon as possible.


"That's right. Please."


At Yuuyami answer, Lydia typed in the command.
Upon that instant, Apricot shoot her eyes open and rose her body. As following, she restlessly peered over her surroundings.


"Success."


Lydia left the computer, and approached Apricot.


"Ojou-sama!"


Apricot stood up and swiftly embraced​ Lydia.
Apricot's bosom, that is larger than the one of Yuuyami, hit Lydia's visage.


"What kind of play would you like to enjoy today~? Apricot~, can do anything~, as long as you install the archive~!"


<p markdown="1">Apricot said so, wearing a smile.</p>
[^1]: [Salope] - French for *slut*;

"What are you doing! Shabby _salope_!"[^1]


Rapha struck Apricot again and again.


"Don't be jealous, tiny ojou-sama. Apricot is okay with threesome~!"


Apricot tightly hugged Rapha as well, with her left arm.


"Awawawah..."


Turning bright red,  Rapha's face stiffened.
Upon such occasion, Yuuyami brushed Apricot aside, thus, rescued Lydia.
Whereupon, as yet holding Lydia, took a five steps away from Apricot.


"Yuuyami... this a bit, hurts, you know?"
"Pardon me, I just."


Yuuyami released Lydia.


"Ohan! Ohan!"


Shrieked Rapha.
On the following moment, Ohan, who was pacing around in advantage to learn structure of the library, emerged nigh Rapha at ultra-high speed.
All the while treading the soles through the floor, whereas knocking over some tables and chairs.
Seeing that, "My library..."  whispered Yuuyami.


"Attention. If you will not set ojou-sama free within next five seconds, you will be eliminated as hostile  nature."


At Ohan words, Apricot instantly released Rapha, and raised her hands up.
Apparently,  Apricot self-defence subroutine appears functioning properly.
Rapha sprinted behind Ohan, and clung to his large leg.


"Hmm," Yuuyami whispered: "after all, Rapha-san favouring Ohan. Do not you think thus?"
"Eh? But I don't think so?"


Lydia widely opened her eyes at Yuuyami's words. What sort of interpretation she has, for reaching such conclusion; Lydia could not understand.


"You don't think?"


Upon this time, Yuuyami was the one to snap her eyes open.


"Uh-huh."
"Why, please, look. The way she hugging him."
"That's, she nothing but demand Ohan's patronage, for he is stronger than herself, though?"


Rapha was frightened of Apricot― or rather embarrassed?
Lydia did not understand Rapha's feelings well.
However, there was no fondness for Ohan in her hug. That much is certain.


"Such, the other viewpoint, may also be considered."
"This is the only viewpoint, though?"
"Hmm," Yuuyami slightly inclined her head sideways: "however, I guess, Rapha favouring Ohan..."
"Albeit I have no idea what made you believe it is so, I can wager? Rapha doesn't like Ohan."
"Well, then, the one to draw a blank shall repair the floor of the library."
"All right."


Lydia pointed her palm up.
Yuuyami lightly clapped her hand. That was a signal—the wager had been established.


"Now, what about Apricot?"


Yuuyami switched her gaze at Apricot, Lydia also peered at Apricot.
Stark naked, solidified Apricot, having both of her arms raised as yet.


"First of all, dress her up, and  then have a dinner?"
"Indeed. Thus shall be good–."


◇


Lydia gave Apricot _endommagé skinny denim_, and  striped black and white tee shirt​.
For Rapha had insisted that she should wear so modest a clothes as possible, were reproduced this kind of coordinated outfit.
Upon  Lydia ask for the reason of why she desire her to wear plain clothes, Rapha replied angrily: 'Because if it would wear flashy clothes, it would look like salope'.
Albeit Lydia had no insight for the meaning of _salope_, she nodded at once.
Apropos, at present, Apricot was sitting on the sofa with― out Lydia, Yuuyami, and Rapha, but a little away of the three.
Ohan was rising beside Apricot, whereas watching her not to act arbitrarily.
Lydia and Rapha sat adjoined each other​ before the table, and were eating potato salad.
Such is the only dish within the dinner menu, for both having moderate nutrition.
Yuuyami was observing Lydia eat, as usual.


"Say, Rapha, are you going to stay over today?"
"If you, onee-chama, wishing me to, I can stay."


Answered Rapha, appearing to be  unconcerned.


"I'm okay with either?"
"If you want me to stay this much, I don't mind stay for a day or so?"
"I haven't say this much, have I?"
"Wah, it can't helped-. I'll allow myself to stay for today."
"Um, I see. I have to re-emerge pyjamas​ later."
"Wah, I want black one! And then, I'd like it with pompons and frills!"


Said Rapha, rather happily.
She most likely was going to stay here from the beginning, thought Lydia.


"It is curious," stated Yuuyami: "I do not think the conversation between the two of you was intertwined, however, for some reason, the conclusion was settled."
"Itsh oww mette..."


Rapha tried to speak with mouthful of potato salad, stopped halfway, however.
Most likely for it is inelegant.
Rapha properly swallowed content of her mouth afore continuing.


"It's all a matter of _nuance_."
"Nuance..." Yuuyami searched through the database: "the subtle shades of colour, otherwise subtle implication of words... and unspoken intentions, is it?"
"There's an easier wording for it."
"Please tell me."
"Rapha wanted to stay from the beginning, she simply put on airs."
"Ah-, I see. Understood."


Deeply nodded Yuuyami.


"I, I didn't particularly say, I wanted to stay..."


Rapha  turned away swiftly.


"Well, it doesn't matter either way. Incidentally, for tomorrow, can I go on exploration of Woodland with Ohan, would it be alright?"
"Wah, no, it would not."


Rapha answered distinctly, without a moment of thought.


"Why?"
"Wah, Ohan is my property. I don't want you to take it."
"I'll return him by the dusk, okay?"
"But I don't like it."
"I'll leave you with Yuuyami, as substitute."
"Eh?"


Yuuyami snap her eyes open, and  opens her mouth partly.
Yuuyami was astonished from the depths of her heart​, believed Lydia.


"Please wait a moment, Lydia. Why are you leaving me behind? What have I done? You wasn't pleased upon a time I told you to close the book the other day? Or else, when I asked you to fold your clothes? Perhaps..."
"Stop."


Lydia turned her palms towards Yuuyami; as following, Yuuyami ceased speak.


"It's not like that."


Upon saying, Lydia  set afloat a wide grin.
Whereafter, she turned her left palm up, and tapped it with right.
If it was Yuuyami, she should understand the meaning.
That is―if you get to know Rapha, you'll realise that Rapha doesn't like Ohan, so Lydia gain a victory​ in wager.
And when Lydia would return from expedition, undoubtedly floor must be repaired.


◇


Yuuyami analysed, and perceived Lydia's gesture, at the spot​.
That is―I guess you can understand a result of wager, if you spend a day with Rapha? And since, probably, I am going to lose, I believe it would be very frustrating to be right here, right? Accordingly, validate it, Yuuyami. I will figure out the way to repair the floor during Woodland exploration―such meaning.


"Understood. Tomorrow we shall deepen our friendship with Rapha-san."
"Eh? What was that? Wah, I don't want to deepen friendship with Yuuyami."
"Do you hate me?"
"That's not it. But, I'm just saying you are abominable opponent  who snatched onee-chama away  from me."
"That, I guess, generally, that can be considered you hate me."
"I was joking," Rapha shrugged her shoulders.


However, for Rapha not laughing, that is  half a truth, guessed Yuuyami.


"Well, then, can I go with Ohan?"


Lydia looked at Rapha with moist eyes.


"What's the matter? Conversation not tying together."
"Is it no good?"


Lydia displayed a slightly qualm expression.
Cute. Cute, in sooth. Yuuyami instantly grew an urge to  embrace Lydia tightly.


"Ah... eh..." Rapha was at loss for words.
"Is it no good?"
"After all, Ohan is my..."
"Do you, hate me? Are you, being malicious to me?"
"W, wah, I don't hate you! I love onee-chama!"
"I consider Rapha as cherished little sister..."
"I'm cherishing onee-chama, too!"
"Then, is that okay?"
"...Please, return by the dusk."


Rapha capitulated.
Nevertheless,  Rapha rather tenacious  person, judged Yuuyami.
If it was Yuuyami, upon the second "Is it no good?" she would crash headlong, instead of giving in.
From the sky as though, where she is herself, to the ground, where is Lydia.
That had been substantiated upon the hour of bath being built.