---
layout: post
date: 2021-03-05 02:37:15 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-04-15 18:36:06 +0000
title: "Section 1. Flightless Witch. ③"
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Para Witches
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/1177354054889003864/episodes/1177354054889256839
chapter-type: 
 - Section 1.
excerpt_separator: '<!--excerpt-->'
---
"Nothing, whatsoever..."


I squinted to see if there is something in the large tank, but there was nothing. There may have been something in the past, however I cannot learn it, for neither exhibition picture of it nor its name had been  written nowhere.
Several fishes were in the small aquariums, but that was about it. No penguins, no dolphins, and no true seals could find a place within.
Yes, there were no people, however there were no fish either.
None the less, there were frogs. As much as thirty types of frogs. Why frogs? Who should prefer watching the frogs? I shall give my apologise to a frog fanatics, but since the place sells itself an aquarium, they should at least have a fish, right?<!--excerpt-->


"It's hopeless."
"That's right, Kominato-san..."
"There are more decent aquariums in provinces!"
"Perhaps so."
"I should have rather been watching the tropical fish screen-saver!"
"You're exaggerating, Kominato-san."


It should have been more worthwhile to play a scuba diving, wearing a virtual reality glasses. I do not hold such game device at home, though!


"Even if I'm having fun but walking around with you like this, Kominato-san?"


You are strange girl---enjoying my company whereas I just sighed a moment ago.


"Is that so—? At the very least for a date, there must be an exhibitions which would inspire the conversation."
"Da, dating Kominato-san, this is a bit~..."


Um? Maejima-san halted and grew all bashful.
I could not understand her well, however today is the second time we have talked duly. Such a course furnished me with no help to understand her any better.


The conversation did not proceed well thereupon, and we were done with aquarium in less than half of an hour.
Being that the location was so exhausted of things to observe or perform, Maejima-san suggested, "Let's call it a lunch-time for now," 


"No shops, no canteens."


In these parts were barely placed any vending machines, even the ones which had been set, however, were well-nigh sold out. Miraculously, but a  cider remained. Carbonated water cannot quench my hunger. I resent myself for not making a purchase at a local convenience store in the morning.  The horror had exceed each of my assumption.

When, a girl calls out for this dented myself:


"Ko, Kominato-san!"
"What? Do you want us to eat some herbs here around?"
"I would never suggest that!"


It was getting more and more fun bantering with Maejima-san. She deliver a nice reactions. Being teased, she is by all means amusing girl.
Upon making a loud voice, she rummaged amidst her bag, whereupon she lay out rather large a box.


"I brought my _bento_."
"Oh—, that's Maejima-san for you, you hold a different kind of femininity, eh. Well, since I'll be taking a nap, you may eat without a haste."
"I've made plenty, let's eat together!"
"What was that!?"


An Angel.
This was an Angel. For she clad in a white dress, the bearing made her to take a shape even more akin to that of an Angel.


"A, are you sure?"
"Of course, let us eat at once!"


A cash cow, who thinks "It's nice to have a friends,"—that is but me.


Immediately taking a seat on a bench under the bower. Upon my unsealing wrappings, therein were enclosed a great deal of sandwiches.


"Oh—,  amazing. Have you prepared it yourself, Maejima-san?"
"Although I have no confidence in its flavour, that's right."
"Excellent, amazing, Angel!"
"Angel?"


<p markdown="1">She tilts her head. A glimpse of an Angel's loveliness might be spotted within the conduct.</p>
[^1]: [Itadakimasu] - an etiquette saying which is used by the one just before ingestion; customary in Japan;

"Come now, Kominato-san, eat it please."
"Uh-huh, then without a delay. Thanks for the food."[^1]


Lightly reaching my hand forth. Cast a glance at Maejima-san. Nothing looks deceitful likewise. However, I quietly sent my hand over the _bento_ box, so that she should not notice, just in case.
Uh-huh, I sense no weird magical force.


"Well, then, let's eat."[^1]


Giving a cue to eat, I bring the sandwich by a hands to my lips.
Chomp, chomp, chomp.


"Delicious—."
"Re, really?"
"Yes, yes. Lettuce is so crispy and tomatoes are fresh and nice. Vegetables are so good..."


For my diet keeps a poor balance, the flavour of vegetable ingredients provided me with a strong impression.


"Phew, I'm glad~..."
"May I have this one as well?"
"Of course! That's a tuna sandwich."


Therein also rich a variety---it bore  adequacy beyond the one of a meals from the store.
I am not generally a character who eats that much, however it was so appealing that I consumed over the half of it myself.


"I'm sorry, I'm the only one who ate."
"No, no; I am grateful that you have found it favourable."
"Do you cook on regular basis?"
"Yes, I have been doing it since elementary school. I used to hand out a cookies to my friends."
"It's nice---, I wish we were in the same school, I would have eaten it every day."
"That's right, I wish we have met before, not just at university, we should have gotten to know each other better then."


She smiled gently.

<br>


Upon eating to my heart's content, the mood turned like "The picnic is over. Well now, let's go home!" however it was only past one o'clock. It is a long road until six in the afternoon.
For Maejima-san suggested: "Let's go around the building separately one more time,"  I took her on that idea, and started off our individual activities.
However, I did no novel discoveries even upon a second lap, which made my empathy of the place is even farther helpless but intensify. Since I came all the way  here, I fancy to submit leastwise a sole idea for project, however here was nothing that  mere student might do.


"It's hopeless now."


Indeed, the very truth lies in this vocabulary.
...Er, err where did it come from?
Anxiously regarded all around, and there it was.
Lady had been assumed upon the stone staircase. She appeared older than me, however looked in the middle of her twenties still. Her shortish brown hair and denim shorts ensure her with an active appeal, however appearance of her lowered head was negative.


"What's the matter?"


Lady raises her face to my call.


"I can't do it---I can't help it."


The lady in resignation mode was a director of this aquarium.
