---
layout: post
date: 2021-04-04 03:01:06 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-04-04 22:38:47 +0000
title: "Section 2. Forgotten Witch. ④"
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Para Witches
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note:
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/1177354054889003864/episodes/1177354054889453547
chapter-type:
 - Section number.
excerpt_separator: '<!--excerpt-->'
---
"Pa, pardon the intrusion."


Where is "She"—the one who menaced me upon this very morning? Crossing the threshold of my house, she have passed into a meek borrowed cat.[^1]
I invited her in, as she have carefully arranged her footwear.<!--excerpt-->


"Don't be so restrained, I'm  alone here."
"Eh,  is it just the two of us now?"
"W, well, yes."
"..."


Do not stay all silent, it is awkward.
Since I would hate if she keep remain in this fashion at the entrance,  I led her holding the trunk case to the living room.


"Regardless, you have resided in a nice dwelling, have  you not. What kind of alchemy did you employ to acquire a whole  house in Tokyo?"
"I did not—I didn't employ any."
"Right, huh. You have no magical force."
"This house, it belongs to my aunt."


"Aunt?" she passed a suspicion.


"Sister of my mother. For she travel overseas with her husband[^6] all year round, I'm a perfect gatekeeper."<!--???-->
"Hee—, travel over the world~ Is she magician?"
"No, a regular, ordinary person."


Not everyone results a witch merely for they are of a witches' household. Commonly, it passes to the first-born daughter. And my aunt is aware of  my mother being a witch, however is not particularly affected by the matter and blended into society as an ordinary human being.


"Regular and ordinary person would not travel all year long."
"Indeed."


Her words are also reasonable. Situation such as continuous journey from place to place regarded to be sparser than being a magician.


"Is tea will be good? Although, the only  alternative I have is a tap-water."
"I'm good with tea."


Taking  the plastic bottle of a tea out from refrigerator, I pour it into tumbler.


"Thank you."
"No, no, this is me being kind to my guest."


Where have I heard it is obscure to me, likely at a witches' tuition.
Perhaps for she  ensured herself with a lodging for to-night, but her visage is bright all the same.
_Gulp~,_ she seems to have soothed, enough so for a sound of her swallow might enter my ear.<!--+++-->


"I'll prepare a dinner."
"...Thanks."


My abdomen is honest. I fancy to have a dinner at once, however  I shall escort her to the room first. I invite her, heading to a second floor.
Whereas ascending the staircase I briefed  Honda-san.


"I hardly ever use the rooms upstairs."


There are five chambers on the second floor alone: One is mine, one of my aunt and her husband, and  one is a storage for their luggage. The remaining three rooms are vacant.


"That is luxury for a single person, is it not?"
"On the contrary, I feel uneasy. After all, I only use the living room and my room."


Halting before the door sign "Tsugumi," I pointed to it.


"This is my room—never open the door."
"I would never!"
"Never!"
"You are not pretending, are you?"<!--???-->


Upon calling for attention, we advance further in.
The adjoined chamber was also available, however I felt compelled to escort her to the one in the back.


"Yes, you may have this room."
"Uh-huh."


I opened the room, nothing was therein. The chamber have grown rather dusty, being that nobody was occupying it.


"I'll vacuum it later, and then bring a futon."
"It's all right! I may do it myself."
"Um, hmm..."
"It's all right. I am apologise for burdening you."


She favoured it, and I likewise find myself getting a little festive.<!--???-->
For me it was customary  to be alone. When I came to the Tokyo by myself, making no friends, I but mastered and explored the art and witchcraft.
...Perhaps, I was lonely.
A smile played over her features.


"Thank you kindly, but, before this, I'm hungry. Shall we have a  dinner."
"Uh-huh, let's go downstairs!"


It is enjoyable to be with someone. Even more so with the same as myself witch, sharing the secrecy of our own.


<br>



"I'm glad  I have ordered a meal."


A great variety of an instant food was lined up upon the table. _Ramen, yakisoba, udon, soba_—the choice is rich.


"Kindly take whatever you prefer!"
"Eh—, is there nothing else?"
"Why excuse me! This is our premium nutriment."
"..."
"...No good?"
“......”


Honda-san does not seem to be pleased...


"Oh well,  you may have this lunch box from convenience store which the manager have given me."


"Ha—," she sighed,


"I cannot object, for you  provide me with shelter, huh..."


Whereas saying so, she reached for a cup of _yakisoba_.


"I'll pour  a hot water in—."
"Uh-huh, I shall leave it to you."
"I was entrusted!"


She chose a cup of _yakisoba_ whilst complaining, however she could not overcome her appetite and so soon as she unsealed it and stated "Thank you for the meal," she proceed to consume it in a vigour. I presume she was exceedingly hungry, for she absorbed it up in the twinkling.


"Why... are you staring?"
"No, just you eat it seem so piquant."
"...Thank you, it was delicious."


I had her enter a bath first, in the meanwhile I cleaned up the dishes. Albeit cleaning up is but washing the tumblers and throwing away the litter.


"Th, thank you for letting me in first."<!--???-->


Clad in a loose tee-shirt, Honda-san returned from the bath. Her  deeply coloured visage, perhaps for she have just bathed, and slightly damp hair furnished her with  erotic bearing.


"Clothes are all right?"
"Um, it is in poor taste, but it's all right, for the size is big enough."
"What!? The black bear-chan, isn't it cute?"
"No, no, I understand if this were panda or polar bear, but  not a black bear!"
"Even black, it is also cute!"
"Where is this cute?"
"Now if you insist, undress! Right here and now!"
"I, I won't undress!? _Hentai!_ ”[^4]


She distanced herself from me. I am afraid if I were to ridicule her any further,  the spell will be dispatched at me.
But be that as it may. The girl after the bath is in the very same house as I am.


"When watching someone else wearing your own shirt, there emerges this slight sense of guilty pleasure, isn't it..."<!--???-->
"_Hentai_  still!"


For I have no reminiscence of playing with friends nor a record of getting along with someone well, the sense of distance is alien to me, it makes me all _doki-doki._[^5] There is nothing good about   being unaccustomed to it. I  realise how unfit I am. I am too used to solitude.


"Sorry, I have also borrowed your washing machine."
"It's all right, today was hard on you, wasn't it."
"Because of certain someone."
"Shush—. Well, we should get a rest for today."
"Uh-huh, certainly. From to-morrow on I have no need to look for you, have I."
"Good night,  Honda-san."
"Good night.., Tsugu; no, Kominato-san."


An awkward exchange.
The past cannot be returned. Tsugu is no longer.
And yet, I and Honda-san have met anew, and shall become friends once again.


<br>



Next morning when I woke up, the meal had been  arranged.


"There was hardly anything in a fridge, and although I took the liberty of using it, this is all I could prepare."


White rice, _miso_ soup, fried eggs, and sausages.
For someone such as myself who usually skips a breakfast this is the feast—


"Let's get married."
"Ha!?"


This sort of resembles a newlywed life—, so I thought to myself.

[^1]: [Borrowed cat] -  Japanese idiom of someone who is suddenly quiet and meek;

[^2]: this is not [Itadakimasu];

[^3]:

[^4]: [Hentai] - pervert;

[^5]: here the [Doki-doki] of distinct from sexual arousal nature—frustration, nervous excitement;

[^6]: [Danna] - 1. husband; 2. master (as well as mistress) of the house;—therefore I am not certain that they are a "husband" precisely, but very likely are;
