---
layout: post
date: 2021-03-02 18:35:21 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-03-18 19:24:15 +0000
title: "Section 1. Flightless Witch. ②"
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Para Witches
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note:
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/1177354054889003864/episodes/1177354054889172862
chapter-type: 
 - Section 1.
---
When I woke up, I felt as though being under the water. It was a little distinct a sensation of sinking below the water surface, or of deep-sea fish.
Whereas suffocating, I cannot arise upwards. Whilst screaming out, my voice does not reach anywhere. The light is far away, I struggle, but my body is too  heavy.
When, at the end, "Oh, well," I find myself compromising amid that space.
Upon some place, however, I would interrupt myself.
Saying: "It's no good!"
That myself then would cast a spell upon me.
Saying: "I wish today you will be the best of myself."

<br>

In spite of it is twenty-second a year of twenty first century, trains have not evolved for nearly twenty a years, as for linear motor cars---they were also yet to be under employment of the civilian world.
Hence, up to present, humans spend their lives  viewing the scenery which they may behold from the windows still.


"Whew, finally here---."



Entered the station, threw my hands upwards, stood on tiptoe, stretched my back out.
For we had to gather on-site, it took several an hours of me to get on the train early in the morning. Arrived at the country station.
As I exit the station, my sight penetrate a desolate town.
Therein may be found no shops open for business, and of course no convenience stores. Even cars were seldom to pass by in the first place.
And this is not yet the place of destination.


"Does a bus ride further?"


Let profanity outburst, for it was so void, however, no one had to listen to it.
Today I make my way for the public aquarium as part of my university class. The project is to enliven the rural area with art.
However, there is no one. Keeping my stand before the station,  no taxicabs were parked nigh. And upon a guidance nothing should be found regarding the public aquarium.
I figured the outcome afore paying aquarium a visit.
This battle we doomed to lose.
Perhaps that is why they have passed this project to us---students of not-so-famous university. Clutching at straws? Otherwise out of desperation?
According to the  guidance, a solitary bus set off every an hour.
Fortunately, the bus had just approached, thus I was able to board without waiting. Eh? if I could not get on this thing, would I have had to await for an hour in the middle of nowhere?
I say I should have done some preparation in advance, but bless my piece of luck.


"There is nothing whatever, eh..."


My anxiety had hitherto not abate upon boarding a bus. The view which came to my sight from the window grew more and more rural, and it became difficult to spot a ploughed field, let alone stores.
And then I finally reached the "Ishihama Aquarium." It is undoubtedly that the sea is in the vicinity, however no plage  assumed for swimming, nor fishermen have made their reside thereat.


"I want to go home."


With that said, I alighted the bus and proceed forth.
Upon my arrival to the entrance of the building, several a students  along with a teacher were already on the spot.



<p markdown="1">"Ah, you are here, Kominato-kun."</p>
[^1]: [Pārīpīpō] - when one is playing around with friends and many people;

Am I not allowed to come?
Even professor has such disposition. I believe they have thought I would not put in an appearance for I had not been motivated. Uh-huh, I believe the correct choice was not to present myself.
Upon a handclap, teacher addressed us.


"Err---, I think I won't be coming back. Well, let me explain your today's project."
"Whee---!"


I attempt to return a _party people_[^1] reply, however surrounding me  students sent me but a blank stares. I thought I could at least brighten the mood up, but no one get on with it. Students nowadays are not too flippant, eh? So that is why they named me well-informed.


"At the request of the aquarium, we need to originate an art project that should attract customers. Best wishes."
"Eh? that's it?"
"Uh-huh, if one were to set restrictions, it would stifle your liberty of thought, right?"


Mhm, mhm, refusal of leadership. What a terrible professor we were given. I should not care if they slander me on social media.


"The ones who appeared here today shall be exempt from intermediate assignment​."


I should retrieve my previous commentary. What a nice professor! Exemption from assignment by so much as attendance---wonderful. Hopefully the other teachers would follow a suit.


"The last bus will depart at six in the afternoon, so think about it until then, and write a formal report. Because the good ones will actually be implemented. Now, start---!"


What a wholesome​ location to be in, with the bus at six in the climax. I am actually having no mind to go sightseeing.
Students has dispersed around, and the class had began.
Yosh, how shall I skip it out?
As I was thinking upon it, I was called from behind.


"Wah, it's Kominato-san. Glad to see you---!"


A girl clad in a white dress does not fit these desolate hereabouts.


"Good morning, Ma, Maejima-san."


As one would expect, I have not forgotten your name since yesterday. Maejima... Noriko. Wah, I didn't forget it.



"What a coincidence."
"What a coincidence, indeed. I would never have thought I'll meet you in a place like this."


For we are students of the same grade, it was not so much a coincidence​, however Maejima-san bore a delighted visage.
Good, good for you.


"Well then, now I shall have a siesta elsewhere."
"Please wait a moment Kominato-san."


Arrested me by a rucksack, obstructing me from moving forward.
Looking behind myself in atwitter, there was smiling Maejima-san---
e, eerie​. In spite of smile, I perceive an aura from which no one may possibly escape.<!-- flight off -->


"Wh, what is it?"
"Shall we go around together, Kominato-san?"
"No, thank you."
"We're going around together, are we not, Kominato-san."
"...Yes."


I could not make my escape for I had no part-time job to-day.
This child holds a potent impact!
However, there is nothing interesting in strolling around together with me. I am waste a time partner, eh---.


"Then let's go, Kominato-san!"
"Mhm, all right."


I have no choice but to follow after her.
And thus the aquarium survey had  commenced.
