---
layout: post
date: 2021-04-12 01:13:52 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-04-14 20:03:33 +0000
title: "Section 3. Witch of Darkness. ①"
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Para Witches
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: "<strong>Important!</strong> With this I think I will conclude my translation of this novel. <br> If anyone  desire to proceed translation after me, feel free to do so. <br> Although I may resume it myself,  the likelihood is meagre. <br> <br> Regardless, look forward to my next work! <span style='white-space: nowrap;'>☆*:.｡.o(≧▽≦)o.｡.:*☆</span> <br> <br> From other news, I have at last laid my hands on this RSS-thing, and may confirm that my feed works!"
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/1177354054889003864/episodes/1177354054889645513
chapter-type:
 - Section number.
excerpt_separator: '<!--excerpt-->'
---
"Kya—." "Waah—."


People raised a scream.
Lights in the mall went out, turning it total darkness.
Some people held their heads and squatted down on the spot. Some began to run in  uncertainty. Some amplified their voices in attempt to calm the situation. Some were dazed and stay stock still, unable to do anything.
The district was in state of chaos at an abrupt event.<!--excerpt-->


"What? Emergency power outage?"


Honda-san, the  witch, was calmer an average person, but reveal more anxiety than usually still.


"Seems so."
"Don't you incline to presume that this is an act of a witch?"
"I don't know."


As the weather was not inclement, neither crack of thunder was seen, it is difficult to imagine the  lightning strike to be a cause. There was also no hurricane coming, it appears to be no natural disaster.
If so, has breakdown occurred at the substation? An accident, an incident. However this   line of reasoning is difficult to imagine in so peaceful a region.
In this case, the reason of arisen black-out—



"Uh-huh, possibly a witch."


If no definite origin might be found then the witch is at fault.
Just as she predicted, in this city was in fact a wicked witch.


"Why are you being so calm?"


For I have no heart. ...Do not make such a jokes.


"We have to do something, everyone is terrified. First we shall restore electricity, but how might we do that? Ah—, we also must find the witch in question."
"Let's calm down,  Honda-san."


I arrested Self-proclaimed Witch-san of Justice from attempt to rush off in terror.


"What? Have you a better idea?"
"Uh-huh, one moment."



Close my eyes, listen carefully.
The clamour was heard.
The voice of bewilderment, the voice of crying child, the voice of someone making a phone call, an angry voice, voice of someone trying to pacify the people.


"Hurry! As a witch of justice, I have to save everyone."
"Calm down, then!"


My keen tones have silenced her.
For a second time I shut my eyes and clear my mind.


It emerges more vividly now.


Impatience.
Dread.
Anger.
Confusion.
Anxiety.


The emotions were enormous, far more than sufficient to be harnessed as magical force.
_Snap_, opening my eyes wide, I declare:


"Now, let me make your hearts race."
"What are you saying so suddenly?"


Disregarding voice of Honda-san, I lift my arm straight up towards the ceiling.


"×＃〇＊％."


As I chanted an unspoken incantation, black mist have gathered within my hand. Black mist swirls round me, and commence to condense.
I could not help spilling a smile upon my face at so vast an amount of emotions—at so oversized a force. Fantastic. To be able to gather so much.


"What.., are you trying to do?"
"_What_?"


Pretty obvious.
I am a witch, and I am an artist. It is obvious what needs to be done.


"Save people, through the art."
"Save..."


Unlike the word of salvation, gathered black energy  keeps to condensate farther.<!--???-->
When finally—


"Consistent."<!--???-->


I clench my hand hard.
The black energy outbreak.
From within bursting forth blackness the light was born, this light was pouring onto the ceiling.
Rain of the light defies Earth's gravity and stream backwards.



"Wha—"


The curtain at  darkened stage yonder rises.
All of sudden, music began to flow, and glowing, drawn by a light illustration of Santa Claus showed up upon the roof of the shopping mall.
Only a Santa Claus. Whilst holding sack of presents, he looks troubled.
The reindeer hurrying over there. Perhaps  overslept, none the less reindeer ran with an utmost effort.
Recognising his circumstances, Santa Claus  turned round with an expression of relieve.
Reindeer, however, passes by Santa Claus and vanish from the sight.



"Aha-ha!"


The child, who was watching this spectacle, burst into laughter. To see what is the deal, mother raises her gaze up at the ceiling, when her expression alter  to one of perplexity.
Gradually, people begin to notice.
The play of light ensues.
Flurried Santa Claus takes out a surfboard and brakes into pursue after reindeer.
Music replaces comical background accompaniment, producing a chase between Santa and reindeer.
Reindeer dashing through the city. Santa bump into each and every obstacle. Then, without any warning, Santa  begin to dance, as though caring of  situation no longer. Appearing anxious, reindeer  returned back, probably concerned of Santa's mental state. Whereupon, reindeer started dancing too.
And before I realised it, those who were frightened, those who were angry, those who were anxious—everybody in the mall were nailed to  spectacle upon the ceiling.
An unseasonal parade of Santa.
I shouted out barefacedly.


"Amazing—, so _this_ is a project mapping!"


Perhaps being convinced by my words,  tension in  people round me dissipated.


"What? I thought it was power outage, so it was staged?"
"Wow, beautiful..."
"I've never seen anything like this before."
"It's frightened me out of my wits..."
"This is what they call a 'thunderbolt.'"
"Ah—, I wish I'd filmed it from the start. I'd got tons of likes!"
"That was great, wasn't it, ma—!"
"Indeed, mama is impressed too."



Honda-san likewise  opened her mouth sloppily, and had her gaze fixed at the light.



"What do you think?"


She draw her countenance at me.


"What do I think..."
"Fun?"


Wearing a sour look, which appears to convey, "What do you mean?" she returns:


"Yes? It's fun, er, I'm positive it's amazing; but this performance of yours was exposed to the other witch as well, and even if she hasn't perceived it this time, supposing you keep doing this, sooner or later she  will learn that you are a witch. Daring is also has its bounds."


Mistake. What I wished to hear was not a criticism but her  impression regarding my art.
That is why I pose Honda-san a question:


"Art, too, isn't poor, is it?"


In place of words, she sent me a sullen look.
