---
layout: post
date: 2021-03-18 02:24:41 +0000
last_modified_at: 
title: "Section 1. Flightless Witch. ⑥"
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Para Witches
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/1177354054889003864/episodes/1177354054889422373
chapter-type: 
 - Section 1.
---

Maejima-san swiped the screen of her phone.
These are pictures of a  fish swimming. Not inside, however, swimming "beyond" the water tanks.
She had taken a numerous pictures of fish of nonexistent, vivid  shades, which were set in an impracticable travel.
Among them, there  also was a photo of director and myself.
Photo-testimony. The scene of a crime.
Conclusive evidence.


"What is the meaning of this, Kominato-san?"


Notwithstanding "She is absent," thought, she had been carefully photographing.
A sneak shots.
However this is not what I should be focusing upon, presently. I was frantic, in pursuit for the words of smoke and mirrors—a pretence.


"A, amazing—! Recent digital modelling is awesome! Processed with Photoshop? Why—, admirable, admirable! So fair, I fancy to learn this technique as well~."
"False."


Maintaining a cold tones, it was an instant negation. Ne, next one!


"Alas, have I been found out? Actually, it's an AR technology, um? VR technology? In consequence it have had arisen. This is a  simulated environment perfectly, what do you think?"
"False."


There is no excuse.


"Ah—, actually  I had  the  right illumination by good fortune, rather stunning isn't it? One might obtain projection mapping even under a daylight!"


Accordingly, I have uttered her a conclusive remark.


"False; this is witchcraft."
"Wha..."


Whilst it was no summer so far, _slush_, a stream of sweat had been perspiring from my forehead.
Ah, this is horrible. Horrible, indeed.
Was that exposed, that was exposed!? That this is witchcraft, that I am witch—everything  is exposed!?
Why, exposed? Therein was a doubtless risk of being discovered, were one to wield a magic of so grand a scale. However, at that time, dimensional barrier has been formed up, so as to avert folk approach, and I had no sense of other person about. There should have been no one save myself and director-san.
An ordinary human being not even able to observe it. Should not have observed.
In other words, Maejima-san is abnormal! The derived answer  is,


"Are you in the same trade perchance?"


The likelihood of she, Maejima-san, is a witch likewise. Of she is the same as myself.


"At last."


She smiled suggestively.


"Realised, at last."
"Maejima-san is also a witch..."


This was a correct answer. The girl before my eyes was  a witch either.
I little dreamed such an encounter in Tokyo. There are certainly handful of folks within the city. But for the record, I cannot imagine that there is more a dozen in Tokyo. In fact, I have not had such an experience for over three a years. And withal, in the same university, and student, too.
Why have I not observed it so far?


"Since when have you been in   university?"
"Since a present month."


I am second year, then she was not here throughout my first year.


"Have you duly taken the entrance exam?"
"Not for worlds I have! I infiltrated in by a witchcraft. In favour of revealing you. I mean to leave here at once."


Indeed, we have only known each other  less than a month. In this case, it was not strange of my keeping no recollection of Maejima-san. For Maejima-san was initially not a child of the university. This was all masquerade. A trap designed by—tentative—Maejima-san. How foolish of me was to fall into it.


"You have been compelled to realise it immediately. One cannot shoot witchcraft on their mobile phone—normal mobile phone, in the first place. Don't you agree it is for I used my force?"
"Now, now that you mention it..."


Witchcraft is embodiment of emotions.
Emotions cannot be captured in photograph. Thereby, witchcraft cannot be captured likewise. Albeit it is  possible to  interfere  physical a body, this time was filmed a parade of fish. This consumed a fair amount of magical force in favour of being materialised in reality.
I has been so upset that so obvious a fact have made its lapse from my memory.
No,  the distance is hitherto too close, is it not?


"And, and being equal witch,  Maejima-san, why have you cornered me in such fashion?"


As much as preach me this privately should have been adequate. However she went to the troubles of sneaking into university and acquiring definitive evidence. Whereupon—menace. I cannot help having   premonition of but a distress. Eh? my chastity is in crisis after all?


"To ascertain your current livelihood. Or rather, to be acquainted of it, Tsugu."
"Say what?"


Tsugu.
The name which was spoken—the name which appeared nostalgic.


"You positive Tsugu, so much so? When did you wither like that? It's a shame that you, the genius whom named the second coming of Witch of the Origin, have fallen so low as being unable to see through neither unassuming witchcraft nor disguise."


This cannot be denied, for it is right upon the mark. My circumstances are unnamed to her withal.
Undoubtedly the "Tsugu" could plainly penetrate into the matter.


"I wonder if an urban life have grown you blunt. Also, why does 'Tsugu' availing yourself the alias 'Tsugumi'? Does it holds a reason?"


And she stabbed into my sore spot, too. "Tsugu" is my antecedent, and "Tsugumi" is my current name. The reason cannot be  explained briefly.
None the less, there is fact which is clear. Um, Maejima-san? knows the former "Tsugu."


"Excuse me, have we known each other? Classmates? friends?"


"Ha~," upon growing a sigh, with a look of amazement, she replied:


"I have no choice."


Saying thus, she took some distance from me, at last.
And upon her clasping hands, _whoosh_, a keen gale have  blown. Whereupon her long, black hair was dyed red. Her long, straight hair turned fluffy, shoulder-length of medium style. A star-shaped hairpin shone brightly upon her forelock. Upon a well-featured visage she had a large eyes. Her eyebrows were knotted and she bore a confident countenance.
She was not so tall of height. Indeed, the same as the original Maejima-san.
However she was Maejima-san by no means.


"I finally found you, Tsugu. Do not tell me you have forgotten."



The girl, who was Maejima-san up until a mere moment ago, sent me daring smile.
And then, I gave her my return in this manner:


"Sorry, who?"


The girl, whilom Maejima-san, despite thereat were nothing but stones,  spectacularly collapsed on the spot.
