---
layout: post
date: 2021-03-12 04:09:26 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-03-16 22:25:48 +0000
title: "Section 1. Flightless Witch. ④"
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Para Witches
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: "I'll be brief. <br> I should very much prefer that the days such as preceding few will  put in an appearance in to my life nevermore."
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/1177354054889003864/episodes/1177354054889320278
chapter-type: 
 - Section 1.
---
_I can't help it,_ eh.


"This aquarium had been originated---had been in possession by my grandfather. Here had been more fish. I used to always look forward to visit this aquarium when I was little."


Woman set off the narrative. She should have wanted to speak it out to someone ceaselessly. She may no longer stop the torrent of her words.


"But the town began to decline. Fewer people, lesser stores, no functioning infrastructure. Me too: I had moved away from this town. It's been long since I've found myself here. All the while I grew estranged from  my grandfather. I guess he didn't get along with my parents---he never did, in the first place. Grandfather was the person of chasing one's own dreams. The solitary person whom had preserved aquarium alive. But, eh, that was also drawing to its end."


"Why me? perfectly foreign student?" so I thought, however I suppose we are able to talk with no constraints herefore.


<p markdown="1">"My grandfather fell ill. Was hospitalised. So there's no one to manage it now. Although there used to be staff, now it's just him."</p>
[^1]: from the popular belief that a deity seeking a human sacrifice would place a feathered arrow upon the roof of a girl's house so as to sign their desire;

Someone who I should never meet again. And, then, this place will undoubtedly collapse. No harass  about whether it trouble students, or would they lose their reputation thus.
The narrative is but a spun for her mere contentment.


"There was no one to take over. That's where the arrow of white feathers had emerged.[^1] My parents says: 'It's perfect occupation for you, all you do is but playing around and a side jobs either way.' But I'm not playing. Even though I perform in a band, you know, we aiming for our debut. "


"Even though" she says, she bear that kind of ambience. The element of surprise is scarce.


"None the less it doesn't sell, you know—. Although performing with no letup, we have no sales perfectly. And my parents have a point. I'm old enough to also deem that it's the time for me to resign. Perhaps _now_ is the time."


I believe it cannot be helped. However this should be a lonesome selection.


"Sorry, it's not something to talk to students about, I guess."
"No, it's all right. I enjoy listen to  people. I'm rather proficient listener."



_Fu, fu,_ youthful​ director-san giggled softly. The behaviour was mature, yet somewhat grievous.


"I see you are peculiar child. Aren't teens these days  more eager to narrate? Fervent for self-assertion."
"You think so?"
"You are a character whom doesn't show herself out too passim, correct?"


Return her a hollow titter. I have no as mature an appearance.


"I wonder—."


However neither I am infant.


She was waiting, alone and lonely, so as to be seen by no one.
What is that that she had anticipated?
That circumstances should improve? That her grandfather will grow full of vigour and return back? That the band should pass smoothly? Or for the end to arrive?
Ingenuous.
Mere awaiting will change nothing. Entrusting yourself to the flow will born nothing. No miraculous witchcraft inhabit amidst a routine life.
Quite so, there is no commonplace convenient magic.


<p markdown="1">Suppose her subject has  culminated. Her mourning countenance had somewhat abated.</p>
[^3]: [Hee---] - _wow_, perhaps even _whoa_;

"Thank you for listening."
"No, no, I was  anxious either, for I couldn't unfold no inspiration for an idea."


And there is no point in fretting about it presently.
I had settled on what ought to be done.



"May I paint you a picture?"
"Picture? Where would you draw?"
"The whole aquarium. But for I don't have a time, only within my reach."
"Yes, no problem. It's heading for a collapse at any rate. Feel free to draw whatever you'd like."
"Well, then, I shall proceed without modesty."


Drew out the brush.
Director-san is... is she  yet there? It is difficult to draw.



First of all, let us deceive and actually draw.
Apply azure​ paint and depict a fish upon the wall. The fish I saw in the movie. What was its name?


"Hee—,[^3] you must be student of Tama, right?"
"No, well it's Tokyo University of Arts."
"Does it matter?"
"There is difference, it manage the fine art in general, not only paintings, I guess?"[^4]
"Hee—."


Conversely, because being not specialised only in painting, it is often proving to be a  deficient work.
Numerous a people are troubled pondering over their pathway for the future. Although there are also ones who ends up ruined for being obsessed with art school for  art school.


<p markdown="1">"Now—"</p>
[^4]: although, according to Wikipedia, Tama Art University is not just about painting, sure enough quantity  of departments of Tokyo University of the Arts is far higher;

It should be awkward leaving it incomplete as is. Once involved, I have to do something about it—such is nature of witch.
The sun would sink if I were to draw it little by little.
Glance over vicinity. Maejima-san have not returned and there are no students around.
There is only her---deputy director---with whom I was conversing.
Yosh.


"Director-san."
"What is it?"
"I should apologise, please take a light rest."
"Er."


I was told so depressive a narration. I will avail myself of ample the emotions.
Resignation. Desolation. Retrogressive sentiments.
Whilst her talking, I made sure to save up it all.


Snapping my fingers before her curious face, deprive her of consciousness.
Supporting her fallen constitution, I laid her upon a bench.
Simple sleep witchcraft.
For, henceforth, it would have been partly difficult to carry out, whereas having audience.


Witches are not acknowledged in this modern society of Japan. We blended into the world well.
No, beyond a ninety percent of witches do not even endeavour to leave Shikoku,[^5] and they simply are not seen in the cities. Anyhow, witch should keep the witchcraft secret, undisclosed  for   public.
There are no particular penal regulations, however the rule is not to part a lips in attempt to mention it.
Witches are fear being discovered for what they are. Loathe​ being exposed, being used, thus upsetting a balance of the world. Some say witches sustain community only unseen situated---hidden from the view.


I disagree with that.
That is mere cowardice, a convenient excuse.
Actually, there is none influence which witches offer to modern society. We are of no use whatsoever.


Thence I put my witchcraft in use of art.
That is from self-complacency; from egoism; and from self-expression.
Although, notwithstanding that, we able to reform people still.


<p markdown="1">"Push."</p>
[^5]: one of the islands of Japan, [Shikoku - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shikoku#Culture);

The force for retaining one invariant is also sufficient.
Imagine this within your head:---


Public aquarium.
An in-numerous fish  swimming about therein. Various a kinds of spices of fish. The fish of different proportions.
Lovely shades, radiant a precious stones as though, swimming, granting a form to the room.
Released from confinement of the water tanks and filling the space.



And this youthful director-san, who was also being kept shut.
Being bounded by this place, making up excuses, justifying that her doings did not pass smoothly.
If you wish to close it up, just close it up.
Without this place, she could be at her liberty.
However what were to happen to her when she _would_ be at liberty? Even if aquarium should be consumed, she will surely remain bounded and will not be able to fly up. Albeit she will also not be able to compose excuses any more.


Number of human beings who can fly is limited.
Most humans cannot. It takes talent, courage, and recklessness to fly.
Therefore, I gently push her shoulders.
It is up to her whether to fall or fly thencefrom.


"Matched."


Well now, what will your answer be?
