---
layout: post
date: 2021-04-08 05:23:39 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-04-09 22:57:50 +0000
title: "Section 2. Forgotten Witch. ⑤"
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Para Witches
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note:
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/1177354054889003864/episodes/1177354054889453556
chapter-type:
 - Section number.
---
"Enjoyed a lavish breakfast, readied myself to leave for university."
Presently, such were happenings of my every morning to which I was looking forward each time. With that in mind, day after day the joy of being alive  was intensifying.
The cuisine   of Honda-san might even eclipse a chef's,  thought I, making a sandwich; so much so that without any joke I wanted to ask her: "Please prepare a miso soup for me every morning." Otherwise, "May you become  my maid."


"Well, then, I'm off to university. And you, Honda-san?"
"Um—, first I shall find a part-time job, then a home."
"Now, don't be in rush, you may stay for a little longer—."


For me it is joyful to have a tasty meals and someone to chat with.
However, she shakes her head.


"As a rival, I cannot borrow your strength."
"_Now_?"


She have shown me stained with tears face, have served a meals, have lent a house and clothes; now is too late indeed.


"Oh, the time!? You should hurry or you will be late!"


_Sure_, upon an insipid reply, I walked out the house.
My gait was light, and if I relax my attention I will likely be skipping.
Today I have a full schedule of classes  from the first to the fourth period. The long day have commenced. Now, let us devote myself to art today as well.

<br>

×　×　×

<br>
"Your  artwork is skilful, Kominato-kun. Although skilful, rather heartless, don't you think?"


Teacher  lamented, peering into my painting. The pupils round me have also paused their brushes and were staring at us.


"For this reason it's so boring."
"...I see."


Forthright:
Heartless. Boring.
I could not say anything back.
Hastily storing away my tools, I grabbed the bag, and raised from my stool. Students were abuzz, but I care nothing.


"Kominato-kun?"
"That's enough for today."


Saying thus, I left the painting I drew as is and headed for the classroom's door.
Teacher was in mute amazement,    belatedly realising the situation, however, the voice was raised.


"Class, class is still on, Kominato-kun!"


Without paying back a glance, I left the  classroom behind.

<br>


Facing the floor, dashing upon my way for nowhere.
I had no destination. I had nowhere to go.
I was not irritated at the words of the teacher. Albeit a little sulky, not to the extent of feeling annoyed.
"Heartless," "boring."
Quite so; right upon the mark.
I have no heart. As such, being devoid of emotions, my art is boring.
And when I was drawing it I had  no self-confidence, and was I discontent with the end result.
Inconsistent.
My ideals and emerging emotions, the results and actuality are paradoxical.
I was frightened. Once again keenly aware of my boundaries.
To be precise, I had  not been bereaved of my emotions altogether, and hitherto keep a bare minimum of feelings as Tsugumi.
However these are spurious article.
Not of a truest heart. Embellished emotions, heartless art.
Fake myself could move nowhere.

<br>


Forworn of walk, I seated myself upon the bench.
The sky, having its boundless spread, at which I gazed, was of an unpleasant blue.


I cannot fly in the sky nor can I move anywhere.


Certainly, I would want to cry at such a  times,  I, however, have no tears to offer.

<br>

×　×　×

<br>
"I'm back."


As I opened the door, upon a _pitter-patter_ of paces, she passed her steps towards me.


"Welcome home."
"Uh-huh, I'm home. What is it? You  staring so at my face."
"It's nothing."


Catching a sight of a visage of  Honda-san, _Phew_, I felt relieve.


"Have you found a job?"
"...Completely."
"Eh?"
"Completely defeated."
"Seriously?"
"Seriously; I applied for five interviews during the morning and was rejected perfectly!"
"Why are you being a little pompous!?"
"How wasteful fail to notice so competent a witch  as I am."


That is considerable confidence.
Honda-san has a talent for culinary, well-spoken, and charming to look at, thence I did not dare to deem she would fail to ensconce herself in a part-time job, however I guess she have given a terrible replies at the interview. Uh-huh, I am of opinion she have said something excessive.<!--???-->


"After defeat in the morning, what were you doing during the afternoon?"
"I have explored this city."
"Explored, have you..."
"Patrolled, as a witch of justice."


I am afraid she will make no dime from that.
None the less, it is wonderful to behold her suffer no loss upon being rejected for a part-time job and keeping a dynamism. She is unalike a dull someone who just was  depressed.


"What did you learn?"
"Nothing presently, but one point of the area is curious."
"Curious?"
"Yes, I discovered a traces of witchcraft's use in several locations."


Aren't those are traces of my using witchcraft by emotions of others? Before I could  question so, she denies.


"Not yours."
"Then, do you imply that another witch is in this city?"
"Right, although there was no sign of   presence of a witch."
"Not a sign, eh.., as though she holds no magical force."
"That would be you. There's no so singular a witch as yourself."


I was both happy as well as sad.
In this case—


"You suggest  an extremely strong witch? The witch of so high an ability that her own magical force is imperceptible."
"Right, the witch who is capable of it."


Yet another witch  in  Tokyo.
There is no particular question in itself. Nothing is problematic to live a disguised life, not interfering with others.
The question is: What does she employ a witchcraft for, having taken a troubles of coming to Tokyo?
Majority of witches stay in Shikoku and will not absent themselves from there, unless it serves a purpose. We are timid and stability-oriented. In other words, witch who part Shikoku and has her reside in Tokyo is brave, fearless, and very likely harmful.
What makes matters worse, no organization is established to govern witches.
In preparations of becoming a witch, we are thoroughly taught the norms and duties of a witch from young age. Under the Western world, _Noblesse・oblige_—the duty of aristocracy. Our hearts are designed to permit no blunder.
However, for my absence of emotions, I have faint an awareness of  witches' obligations.
On the other hand, Honda-san demand and force righteousness of a witch, so much so that have taken a name of the "Witch of Justice."


"Do me a favour—"
"I refuse."
"I haven't spoken it yet."


Because the solution is foreseeable.


"Come with me, we shall find this witch."


It was no favour but coercion.



"Wouldn't my lack of witchcraft be a hindrance?"
"I don't expect you detect anything. I have no sense of land, however. Accordingly, you should be my guide."
"Why not just keep an eye at the phone map?"
"I cannot trust a machine."


That is what witches are.


"I have one more favour to ask."
"Ye, yes..."
"I would hate an instant food for a dinner to-day."


I should agree  with her on this one.

<br>


I visit a nearby supermarket together with Honda-san, as she has to prepare a meal for us. I pay, she cook. Give-and-take. I feel I benefit more than she does. Many thanks.
I address Honda-san, who been intently regarding vegetables.


"What is for a dinner today?"
"Classic curry it is."
"Whai—, Mama-Honda—."
"I fail to recall giving birth to such a child."
"...I am from the future."
"It's embarrassing to have this exchange outside."


We bought a lot of goods for  the occasion.
It appears that we shall not be anxious over a meal for awhile now.


"That is heavy, I will carry that."
"This much, 'tis all right."
"Never mind, for you have to prepare it after this."
"I need not your compassion."
"Then only this one."


I steal one handle of the plastic bag.


"..."
"...Say  something."
"We look almost as newlyweds."
"Wh, what!?"


Surveying flustered herself, I unintentionally let out a giggle.


"D, don't laugh!"
"S, sorry."



Exiting supermarket, we walked through the shopping mall.


"Anyway, do you believe there is another witch in the Tokyo?"
"Yes, I shall definitely   find her. As a witch of justice, I cannot let such a matter to pass."


Albeit highly motivated, we have not yet settled  that she is a sinful witch.


"You should quit the university as soon as possible. With me and the help of a witchcraft, we shall rescue folk. The witch is the guide of the people."
"Um..."


Her thinking bears both righteousness as well as wickedness.


"Witchcraft is endowment putted into service of helping others. And is not something to apply to art."


For me who have hit the wall these are painful words.
What the use of keeping to study art? Perhaps she is correct.


"You have the talent of witch."
"Mistake. I _had_."<!--???-->
"But in spite of losing a force, you wield it still. No other witch might transform and harness the emotions of others."


Certainly, technique has no record within textbooks nor within the history.
Is it residue of the talent of "Tsugu," or else my own tenacity?



The picture I saw back then.
The tears which  streamed down my face when I should have had no emotions.
The moment  my heart stirred.


I was rescued by that potent impression.
And now I also desire to rescue someone in similar a fashion, through the art.


"Say, Honda-san—"


Afore I could finish,
The light suddenly went out, the city turned darkness.
