---
layout: post
date: 2021-03-31 02:17:41 +0000
last_modified_at: 2021-04-01 21:52:21 +0000
title: "Section 2. Forgotten Witch. ③"
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Para Witches
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: 
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/1177354054889003864/episodes/1177354054889453543
chapter-type: 
 - Section number.
---
I lay a question upon her tearful self:


"What are you doing out here?"
"It has nothing to do with you."


Yes, it has. Without her consent, I bring myself down upon a swing which was adjacent to hers. She sent a glance at me, however  did no flee.


"Sorry."
"..."



There was no reply from her side.


"After apology, I fancy to thank you for reaching Tokyo to find me. Only Honda-san has arrived in search for me."


She was the only one who found me.
Her power of action makes me feel happy.
Thence,



"I say  I'll try to recall you."<!--???-->


This is a lie.
I cannot recall a thing, for there is nothing to recall.
None the less, I assemble the line of fib so as to bring about weeping her   even  little a spirit.


"Let's be friends from now on."


Forming a falsehood is a forte of mine, wrapping them upon is. Thusly I have continuously been deceiving everyone  as  "Tsugumi."
She unseals her lips, at last:


"But withal, you will not move home to Shikoku, will you?"
"Uh, right. It's not so simple. I cannot, I have my doings here."
"The doings of studying art?"
"Right."


Springing up from the swing, she glared at me.


"Don't you feel ashamed to practice the witchcraft for play?"
"Play?"
"Yes, art is a game, is it not?"


Even though I generally keep my composure, remarks of Honda-san peeved me.


"I acknowledge achievements which art has brought upon the history. I do acknowledge it. However art is not absolutely essential. One may live without it. Much less witchcraft, there is no reason to employ it."


Quite so that is. Her words carried no mistake. For  one art is needless to exist upon. One  even need not   a witchcraft to bring it into being.


"Certainly, it's may be a play."
"See?"


But you are mistaken.
Art is essential as to the life significance.


"Art moves and rescues people. Yes,  witchcraft as though."
"Lie, huh, 'tis not."
"It _is_; for art have rescued me."
"...When you lost your  force?"
"Yes."


I shall prove myself.


"..."


She did not enquire for minute details. All that emerged were invariant words of negation.


"...I won't recognise it. As a witch of justice, I refuse to accept. Art can not save human."


I am powerless to persuade her plainly. There is a margin to what one may lay into words.


"And yet, I won't alter my livelihood."
"Is that so?"
"So that is."


I cannot hit upon any other way of living presently.


"If so, I shall stay here also. I shall reform you. And then, I shall recover your force. For I shan't  leave until I gain a victory!"
"Ehh..."
"Why don't you like it!"
"You mean of becoming a threat that disturbs my dreams."
"Yes, for I am your rival."


So she proclaims to me, whereas folding her arms. Eh? I wonder when was that that I ignite her... Somehow it does not proceed smoothly.
However, it is nice that she feels better.
Albeit troublesome, the accident with Honda-san will be resolved from here on. There is hitherto more to it. None the less, the problem has been resolved for the time being, undoubtedly.


"Sure, sure, don't bother me too much."


Lifting my hand with a plastic bag, I stand up from the swing.


"Well, then, I'd better go. I'm hungry~ You too, take care. Your quarters is nearby? Renting?"
"..."


She blatantly averted her eyes. Eh?


"Wh, what is it?"



She draws a  look at me, in resignation as though, and then have given me her utter. But where the bravado she had just shown me have withdrawn? I felt although slightly but tightening of my chest by her frail presence.


"The money."
"The money?"
"All out."
"Aw..."


Now I see why she was idling alone in the park at midnight.


"For I was determined to detect you at once and bring you back to Shikoku. I didn't suppose my hotel life to be  this long!"
"Er, a hotel life? Uh, I'm sorry about that."
"...I can also not deny being merry to visit Tokyo for the first time."


As expected from the witch of justice. That was sincere.
Unlike Shikoku, I say  numerous an enticements might be found here.


"So, what will you do now? You shall reform me, are you not?"
"I shall..."
"What will you do about house and food expenses?"
"Somehow, I shall..."
"You won't pilfer, will you? You professing  yourself to be the witch of justice."<!--san-->
"Uh, uuh."
"Aah—, sorry, don't cry!"


Unexpectedly vulnerable. Despite is of age of university student, she is a delicate girl. She have come to Tokyo alone, and incapable to afford to return for she has no money. I cannot help feel uneasy.
It is assured that I am the only person she may rely upon.
There is no one else—


"..."
"_Sob_..."


Gazing up at the sky, I grew a sigh.
Ahh.., this nature as a witch of desire to assist a  person in trouble—no,  I would have offered my hand even if I was not witch.
I cannot ignore as weakened and poor a girl. Cannot abandon her.


"Well, now..."
"Wh, what?"


Hence, this proposal is inevitable.


"Would you like to stay at my quarters today?"
"......Huh?"
