---
layout: post
date: 2021-03-24 03:26:21 +0000
last_modified_at: 
title: "Section 2. Forgotten witch. ①"
author: sakkani
categories:
 - Para Witches
tags:
 - webnovel translation
note: "Just a side note: <br> They think and talk at times in some dialect, for I know not which impression it bears upon regular Japanese, however, I cannot  transmit it in English right. <br> Therefore I simply skip due translation of such parts and write it in the vocabulary I fancy to. <br> ( ￣ー￣)φ__"
chapter-link: https://kakuyomu.jp/works/1177354054889003864/episodes/1177354054889453490
chapter-type: 
 - Section number.
---
Late at the night  enclosed by the park I was  seated upon a swing alone, whereas staring downwards.


"Impossible, impossible."


My plan was proceeding well. It was flawless.
Titled as "_Doki-doki_ with Tsugu!? Campus classmates' life☆.”
Disguise myself, approach Tsugu, and lead an ordinary university livelihood with her.
If she have revealed the disguise, so be it. "As one would expect from my rival. Come now, shall we settle what we commenced!" and blow the game, was what I intended.
Even if she does not perceive, I secure an evidence of her witchcraft to press a question upon her. Then produce a situation where she should be  compelled  to match against me, saying, "You've fallen so low as being  unable to even note this simplicity of disguise. Come now, let us compete."
I was supposed to have a contest with "Tsugu" regardless, and then it expected to be a moving reunion.


"Rino, is that you!? It's Rino indeed. I'm so happy! You journeyed so far as to Tokyo to find me, eh! Contest? We have no need in this. It is   your victory by now. All I need is you. Uh-huh, let's make our way towards the home together, Rino, shall we."


This is what presumed to have occur.
Or even if we do not return homewards to Shikoku together,


"Rino, I cannot leave for I have an important business here. I shall accept your dare. However I can't promise to come home with you. Rino, I want you to stay by my side. Let's live here together. I want you to prepare a miso soup for me every morning."


In this fashion it should be!
At the very least—


"Rino, you've grown so pretty. Oh, my gosh!"


I wanted her to say this much, pray say it!
However, in reality have resided itself a ruthless line of "Sorry, who?"


"Why doesn't she remember anything!?!?!?"


Cried I, rising from the swing.
When we were in a middle school, she was definitely conscious of me. Tsugu pronounced my name often times: "Rino, your red hair is so lovely—," "Eh, cookies? Why thank you!—_munch_—Uh-huh, your cuisine, Rino,  as always tasty," "Let's go home together, Rino—," "I like your face when you smile better, Rino—There you are: smiling again." These are carefully preserved, cherished memories, which shall never shed its vividness.
And yet "Tsugu" changed her name and left me forgotten. Was she enjoying her  life in the city and immersed  herself in the art so much that have stowed  her remembrance of  bygone  away?
Oh dear, amnesia? But she hold a knowledge of witchcraft and was understanding the circumstances of witches. To think of the route of amnesia is hard then. For her to inconveniently forget nothing but me—it is impossible.
Every single day I have been thinking of her, fear for her absence. And in spite of it, she have completely forget of someone as me and kept living well. She is happy even without me. She has no need in me. Ugh, tears are coming a little...
And, never mind forgetting me, there are also the other affairs I cannot condone.


Such as availing herself of a witchcraft for the likes of fine art.


Witchcraft is used for the sake of the human. Witchcraft is salvation. An innate gift endowed upon  us to save human beings. Sacred and noble. To put it in use of wrongdoings is absurd; to employ it for personal greed is foolish.
She consume this time-honoured witchcraft for "Amusement" such as art. Unforgivable. I cannot seize her  indulgence in entertainment yclept art. No witchcraft exists  for tomfoolery.
As a witch of justice, I shall reform her improper behaviour.
However, I was perfectly bereaved of energy for that.


"Impossible, impossible ..."


And what is truly impossible,


"I have no money."


I grieved, gripping a passbook by my hand. In fact, I intended to return to Shikoku in a week. However, on a whim, I chose to spend a livelihood within university together, and throughout that time I inhabited the hotel. By thus, upon I was nigh to outflow of money, I recognised I could not persist a living this way, I approached her at once and disclosed my identity. Thereupon should have been the climax of this plan. The money was estimated to be manageable.
However the plan  fell apart. The girl whom I have been endeavouring to bring backward was in Tokyo no longer. There was no "Me" amid her heart.


"Ugh.., I, I want to see you, Tsugu."


I desire to catch sight of Tsugu of that time. I wish her call my name. I wish her  smile at me. I wish her   enjoy the cookery I have prepared.
What should I do from now onwards?
...I have  reached the conclusion so far. I have no choice but to give up on Tsugu and return to Shikoku. Considering that Tsugu has no remembrance of myself, there is no point in doing anything.
My love is——


"Eh,  Honda-san; ...are you all right?"


She called me by the invariant to that time voice, by an unfamiliar name however.
